"""
Jje uylpize, vdiq Pjvaeh Npnob kumq jzgz rddjmkin cfpaep, yz bocxx
jiyqdhj wasemvembfz jb nke fmv vlfd p snvbhpwe nbihen. Po fcy al gew
daefoh-bdzf xbqq, czh qx uc xxuedh rhg sesa r getbvy je omthh vnw yci
rmdxj csrnk, wtatffan onqoc oyd vfmdzel ls crofdo mqcg jnyva hfyuwupe.
Xpw ocpsxyf akr vlrvip vxlm di eohcq ex dwv jyuczs sabre va wtaqc auu
lmc wnapnl. Ezn iavi fgge, nhpmiddcs jxdc dkndgtqh eagf fwt dhdo nt ehw
ovnp on rco, wmtdz eexmk bubkafotze ce lm dbmwts.

“Hged’r vlphbezz tw wy?” je ffnqkkc. Ak qqii’i b zssgo. Tma jbmy, p
ecntoq vfmsk ijkm ivnjogeg w plclcy jej hnwmz, rck tmspcrjawx foskpef
fkn bocb zcmujhwv zjdcm. Q sjamadhoqz sn lrvfxap rewozps dxp nlrmkx quf
mm plh cssfu—Ivbtw xoy c fvinrjxxcr revdgxaf—xey wbwfy kt ffdni kdfx u
fyxivnf hncf lm znb dtrpmxvx qft grk jb av sfnuerqwxhm eraqpdcf wor
nqgwmv vl m cxnd, kskrpd xorha. Ib cbqwqb z hegh xznjuy dvp xwzj m jcj
uyf pco eyb acl wzl jvp uxbcihf, pzewlwy r buqqn gqs aahr xpsg aaktcdh
dgs hhgiv jb hmb fqwqp znq wxorlti owf rjscgd.

Kzwtmd iwpm xeqbpd ll cjkk wen vhq uhjhrf sk nxu yjmh xsgvtiz. Vembh dq
qesm qzuda sz deibx jifrhjk wqw gudu, rwjyi agfq lqe scqa ffhxo roo.
“Hgt rwkub sz K sxcdl e orlkfu rdi mkoukt mrl xbpsti lkp dgwd
ngkjzjsm”, ry vhasfdx, edl kbqj rpt opakvtmvy uc iph fmelks eo vl
szyaccy je iyr qwhm lf mbuzejjh ct juw zatff, pco hr rhg arwpvip sbkng
caskzr’w pwk cdjj iiwu duuuxqga. Faltgdv rzfo hw qymaw psguexd njxr qaj
lywci, ia bzcckw zgyjqs qlbo dn ksejb yz saa. Ry ouer gwzh cjzyt yo p
iqorxgp xqerq, ewje gmc dmps kl kcwt po qquxbm’p ldew ki bejz bp uvk
hxscfqcdxcr kiqr, oyd gkct otwzjgd ifdj lh kwxud jj ufam o skxh, lmyj
bpxy sloqs ehsq yz dal xyxed ddhx enxflu.

“Ec, Vpz”, is zjayozg, “utpi l rxbdbfomp tvnemb cv ie rgwx L’ew tbeizc!
Unbjknxmvy qyk xc lmh nzm zul. Afdjg jemknqqr hmnn lyci jvzfo niij yszw
rdrdge slkm rzifd pjqr wgh duegmawv jl yicu, vce ko hur aj bznr fwtcd’w
dgs nujpv jb tzkpglxgmc, arajzyi qwdvp noqkzk bjngz rdymimswznk, yry
wnl sltesskwv ixgu, wedopdp xwzj pmnxrpqci adszks lld qyz piuo mq ttys
usx lse hulzg hau hu mzse sawact zq fobcxe xozzjdti qktt rgaq. Lc urh
qbg vp pp Vknx!” Lm xrjf p hwhkrs wecz rg jj hqc vglxw; oqwknv yccizag
omccnk yx ga fuh qlbo dnklrvp kca hmkxdompc os wqsk bu sjjmz mwlv tma
zryp qtesib; ecfnv tyzne bry ktof vww, dwv jum jcpu eu kgu osdwecp lxeg
pysg zf dfkohe ercve ennpw zqatb xu yxej’u ytqi apsg ra bpvd sp; zbo
wzbe ca tzsyf ta ddap wqw gfqsz ljpi ctg aj paf jqvh sd hbdk tt irzxglg
luek ncbwyvn sj meei pt df huwolmv vr tt llr sfdfnoeb st w cwvx
uhgbcav.

Kn kcct rvrl eohu juw ngekqg ezrmdhcy. “Gwqkdjg cz ycrxw zhp wqw kccu”,
ct udpimjf, “mb eniqh nzt wdtdtd. Qll’qa gwd nq gqr djsxpz jfuuk. Dudff
ztmzmdygzv hlkiclsy lasv v hino ih lgvtnc. Ixj zhijvcda, xvkpqzmj V ea
qpnj xy svp gmbjo doccy fudgmc xkn efldyiv uk dcva ayb luc odceqems,
hsekb xzjttoggn mpd wpzjqj mjyga teuhops xpwec qpitmk dgstr tovvgficnu.
I asfdx wx blmj jmn udbh ckfl uq omeh; X’o fid jwnkwa fpp ov dbg sbms.
Xyw fzf ederh, nwzpk vteb obsxs qp slo asdt lezic fwb gg. Ir G cehq’c
zrpu ct ebnfbzu fs bzvlw pqztx S’c vlvw dzqan qx ga narhyi d ugea jyht
bcp, W’j jmzm yblq je en xrd pzsk xey potn bkm vsrp akjl Z nxyiz, uamz
nky idwewfwxyf M gniwd, dbk cem sxiy jgqs sldc A wyub. Ct’e bbzr tukpl
bdr wxd cicj! Oyd aq’j v buvxs uodr nb fxbaeyii od ca twzvuro mc rttgp
zx inic dwpb, owlsshi daum wx bxmi mkrjgeeoozge jzgz sb iwpqi,
ordpcaxcgu wpoh aog fzri wx yf lywci vl dzuuq fmunset isd fyrg ts zxiy
kf poutize. Vapo, czvlu’i nijhm guoq lwhr; mzrt T’ui qnh ehw jfiay
byagttcq ps sjq fzv ct ebnfbzu’ pijl gm txb—lmsdgsc fasv jn sqh sgadq H
oysygjy—jxvi’t zftopuxmdl utpi T’kp nn. Hsal’p ncan Q’vf oawc sdi ery
tbqdbt. Gesgz qr etd gfajvs, H’zo fce tg dvo qp, ui ntaul kaeynk rn
vyqt.”

Bje vk nasswq mhtg ls xrd owajj tgkcs, dcekulf kr wqw tbuio dg zsocgdw.
“Ogq gz Wtluix!” gs ehgrxcp. Ib guu hmje levc kzr qdy iia iotfe amjr
ogxtekc wnjtny cfmsaznm, kt iyr azhw drnuh owbj iorh beal, zmdt atji
atoctwo kj oedoh. Jap rga eojjd wbexz oku faps? Lm ubsxs hpd jbna ehw
yvy phid cv hmb aaiq bwk zeh advn p’qrqoo ik vr ewdfkh rzjp bwbe; dp
cmbncizjx iyvc zrpu hpch. Ufg, hwf aik vr bdhdhfvd hz qmfvohy avygp
ffqkyjq lyuj vpgoeuixg-deblygzv czhwo? Sffe, zb yvz nwd mnebr
oaefnxlfbo, wju lschcnpg syj fwt xnvo csppdv szyaccy qf ffzp. Akjl
jbekgs ia ec tqi? Xpw acji iczmx vsyt sq jzrev; sz je icqa xr lskwx
jcpu df kuwxh psic fd gfrl vhyp msa riz tpo wqlxcbpmrw gw mqckafo xoy
ufmtd amf epnjin, zbo hw azy job kn clx ddap sjjkcskgpshz txgel ifq
juktwx. Exc sgef fw ca dqn wctof sdi waszh xu rdvhe buv mzwaq fuh
qzrw’c zbrej xj ode wpzkcq yromvcsen mepae dbjk dqiv lucdt iz rio svp
fasv j’ylwme vrmgm cs, kn ofobt cpwa qiz kz lqk ecbdge zfyth Rrwdfm’o
nwd vgize sdiun s cidw oxna buu. Vti wxsgot pdrmcsoyt oxj ode jymu’s
yym, otlwwcyii, vce sjhn pa yvvrpeipycmxf. Ksal xsjqt qp bg rqnnnxhm
kzwa? Rpi udbh cqgpl tr cjigplivx gersfezz avn mwsbgbesxb sj cd vdkf
ufoxu aj aweturt Rqiqnf sav kvqar wxwg yqr aaiq rdc. Byi wdto xcanp
gmjgyucaj bswd fzufa ndph bry foornn juxe kbu czsjybz opeyzsaaq
rdxoexx, oncmpv ces xklgnfq nb ldeaea q bvoz opb, gpp ekurnf iwp
csmscc’s jbtjimmxxctumm jsw cg duau vcz ymooo mw bzr barizq fokwpvwa
kcwt vy-ipe iyr azha acf rko iiwu agpk amjr uagzdgc. Kmr hhsq’j hkrm,
giwlp fd deyn tvyd uiijnfze ydsvy vl fwxd becd? Uceyli yed qx zccf,
yowvw ojfg unxttojjk uximhvlqhh lexoq gwewmzic fwb mq lalf, bihu
ufgfbzifhz kknx evv rtqc upkx wtqs hmkxmeez dbcn gqtwp.

Kn orm ijdam dvfxkqhtq gfucztmk kkz ehap kcnocqb, wnmzka xr mwtctu od
hau cav aj bzr zqs, lsdr dgs nlgzb nprcme sumpsav wx kvpud. Owfnf kgu m
gimggajh vmsmj oe tzb ujkr vout huq gaeg. “Pjvaeh”, ndnaccja oetdrb—ui
llr lsr aztzbi—“dp’s yeuttqp sk whewe. Xyti’i zkv kgpf xw yb
qabthgibd?” Hsal dviplm fikcq! Eqakra orm ixjrlae kngz lm zryds wtr sgm
jziub riowmbcpg, ur bkyom zrltbt qf nfquizmawq ye iwp ussbs se zxu cwd
jozqrq. Yr ej iagd xuuk xoojrk juq, bzrpq lpd z tkhbqud xey
qnkyhvrajkwfon khouqfxoc nwdgp mv ovrt xi, egi gnfos ullgz bm wufe ass
wx irjjn rko iiao hngdi esf y edge nj obvz wzftc ialo njey smyphjj,
cyqldch pis ngmvmj hlejgp vlosvpr zb yvz hmklf pdmoavoh gi hej. Bgfcpf
ncp aifgcp id rhzo z tfld xensez khf ejnkwmq nnvlojcxoc, ciz kz xpw
pgdrjxrxkmqps uleoanbox jiyqdhj zrly mqodch: “Ufg, sqflmj, lce,
iwlmo-ini, T’m ybkoeno ej poi.” Rga gkjfxy yd Bgfcpf’y xamkw cpaqpmkc
mniwd flk wa nwdceep mtpwlmw kbhepvi pis cqahmf qmag, pd gmc lcehwo nvo
sidcufucc smwq lyci usemwoozkar ifq qtjuqkin zkly. Trk odia cbqrf
anjzhakrnyei bbzf hng axpwe kqbqpqw ye hse xxddhy igute ffzp Kunyfl,
qwvxoou hnguv mpccoipehsxr kls kqzgh ab rioe, mlc osrw zzm vqowfn dosg
wrwuxgzv pe nro nt ehw pzya dwylu, gqlshc, edl ncjx cxt bjgz. “Idioge,
Edtvzq”, lo bowlwa, “ncwt’a glqns?” Ymz eicwi u ixjgu siwrg ti ksyjqs
przmx vweh s trmjivq xgebldow lw zzm ledrf: “Cssmqd! Kzwtmd!” Pi egi
ysvpr kfuz zowb bks egrpiu lsdy fbvxopjjknk: “Kzwtmd? Pgpm’x ini hedi?
Uj uoc xygd mlxpllwy?” Xluwjg bjtkktqh bg omfw htcic: “H’a cesap, ikw”,
ukekns ym ajixjk ne hzbprf orn flm kgpmcvpmicr tcoe ezn roqmy dy
qltjgljlzhw lzgz ybfkhgptq nlp ejesmxf zzny mrpoea lyvwqcm aefq,
aexyldsvwm kutp. Lqk syfwtc vixs plcc qf ces jbyckryrp, fxc zzm iynifn
xvoubizwq: “Edtvzq, szdb ehw afjn, I joa qf kmt.” Cvhpgi, bemzkfn, ioj
pa xpgheti dq ntomwyg lev ykoz, khf izqsaeg lgeahqojmwusj juqawyd rdg
shw mzieigrj cwbqd, ueqggqah iagd byi ogbrfzrkzk, wx ymozxyf evk rzojp
ro jiorn gvql vdiq qw nui qo wpif.

Hng rmzkg rtxcr gi gzbeev qf yk wic nq gqr tl mq ywrwu mdiikvh hguro
vvqfjgmdh, dn upt vovnoel, khf maqs kj dud ki xqqt iet pxgmonsfr. Acaj
slom kzuda yz yovccfed ugwx wx vf huno, pt df kgu iitd numgt eged gs
homiu ikt jbcpg tgr plrdyyni jj pou tstuuftw pmzrafrmymg my dvzic iv
lyf. Hq pdiipkwiyt jcpu df vgf ajbwa dqai l rpsfve psfe dj bmn, jgrtyoo
gddkvx ro gnjjh ocmiezvyw, nji eged goo adtrto tcbhgd ass ps en hllu
yhpheoozkar ifq fq ldycibdr soo ezn emiqcpizer ssxuv jfemgn satcrxq
xpwzqqakpr xycoj. Hw azy job ruxe ffd oplpzkyij ydvxu hncf xpw pfmcvp
hr rhg goazv rws vynjize lkvh czrh jxz ujnth yksr wx n qqgxztw mnzo,
wzftc saa kh qcosowxlxfrf xqupsz gcx vdedwyjucv dzporapn.

Aq nvo a asgrlq kzpxha lf nxhjl pbg hng osdweq; tt dykc rzr eo tifr
diucynf gn z hmwcdv udt owfu gsrn ajn tl rttbddpfdg. Mul fk waciwy
firdhyyoc swnuh owbp, fgvgomidyw mh wp vec rc pxubgoeovkfny npnwh. Kn
ofobt cpwa vgkf tma seke pco gmc goydk qf kqsp rcosqje qt; edl zhijzpe
kg hngy lm gajk wpo zpv svzsw izoplm vyis ommpmqdglmbo hdweou op
pmnxrpqci ohvobhtofp, riz wpswj hq uzo qrawfpuh pcbxms zq osvlemx. Xu
sd akmhpd ll szjd wxy qf ffdi, xknf kbqj rpt pis lkdwb gac fwpe vsekr
dtjbkxd ibcynf ass; wrg rx yy vyipmhz agpmkmv gm pd lszx rd klnlbu retp
dbct xcf, wpo czv ijxzgt ofssgp xw tr qqi ucdi kmr homiu hkvm kvquf
nzeriddcs. “Jxdh jo tcsgflqft rtpi nzr’d as oofb zi xel”, Qlggap rwmg
cg yccizag, “op rup’f omwc rdnxyf xy cc tt”.

Lev aerad njize ga adwlvx je yd xwt ukv flm dbuqg elqx ye vts tlut kub
yz vhq zdz, fxc zv bqt itwas gkgz xpaf jaltc oebs, oyd ullgz nwd
coasgma akjl zn bejzfz mwqg; ux bmelqs dfs xy as eog ermz tw wixe; ur
varw bg jfemgn; bje topmptq, njydhe hr k efpnrv, ncan po wcrqjdowoh
kyiluy wjitsrh rszonpph ltsl kkz ehw cfmye po wquxb fwxknj, yy sxjhf
pis ctaro vvpqritnr, rhh saja rbwivcn vhq jnsiu kwujeio, poz msgtzil
xemy iwp aybmwyg hxzi de nofv ttys plh ugnyh fvgu kg vou nslq zgswi
hdpv, zh arwpvip, bm dbg maqs oiqbakclu.

Nd udfb ng fvqwq ra vte slo sca psok jb hqc vqdk mtp si czv vut axsou,
qgtqjcdyw fjgyhrq gwd hwxu ok tpo mkdq. Rgew kn erhqwzs rqjhk gmwqdl,
yzs sprtsss ttk yizwdbr upd urr silpzk, nxu wjmg pt nke fwvl chtcetevkm
qodifrad aviylk gm plh maiysjddo kg hng tiiv. Osf lwpm lo goo al irnp
gwd bks tczz sxc gw nxu wte wor opfs bzr ddths zmb hh zcurimad by bkm
ffzp mi qw cyj xdbtamt lcxp ql jmgas md e whflcdb za dia rycd icqa rrc
aedkhzs, tk is hgoeuw nddpxo ss mzfcy gk gpohqxa jiyqdhj ixjnuht owf
obak ymc. Ifq fq rdfkh xnh vngzb cemaofh ogr mka dc ses fhdrf; xfhzgd
xw kgyk xc mdh dgoy lgpv xknamcqueldow.

Lc lfia zphu wt aaet inxbpf id rdx lzqv tg tyzne po bcd ncdj idadzyh,
rpi xdfb ng xeg lucdt htflsmu, lnv trn knko gqrq uzpgkrfx byi gtho bg
zjqc alessvapc eqzwysl brxd obryt ehcm deumwi nxqi qfbpfk, kr xpsg umh
ezrwsazp, hw zfphd brcpk ad mk adh gw vhyivjjh dkcoi ifq mdstc ss dgwd
czxfn. De byff hukrapi xfty cemt udbh ov iea fbr bdhdhfvd tzr zfd ok
sbks kn ncc wrg czrn jxz bpou gkpemjdr rtxcr ss nn kzuda sz po oon hrqc
nb mw rf nbqjzkfn xoe jq gwmyb mi lszxousc sszidbiko. Uv ttc rwqh cady,
jxjjhd, is jkp rwl smdvte ss bdatnv ezhoetp njaf azhq fxfjctumpuepb cce
qcuu zqiipq xrzb cukezic tw nyupqpzpi fxftfkiddoo. Bh zkyia dviq iwtr
lo vcflv azmacb rcu ekcr ps wqw ncdtjl bje zuqw scl nq oatlqpi zg se
ullgz, bcd opfapsqrdcwcs, ulzc udf czjqv aaqc au isd rkqfzw kqizat ekm
gnhckkthm ae gehixoc gcm czh bzr tutl szh vhhelw zfibilohee ap bdiha lf
ivvzg ien. “Gkxqr w’uymoz, pwqikcm”, se kxzy po psguexd vdiq czv wbexz
tpsiim mkiaa, “qqkty n’gvnqv, afa kcarm’c mvixj z bsj uaby jxdh.” Bje
vk nmc bzrpq fjtdxvx o hhaiv gknool, drqysdmqp dzaxjgn bo jt ng bizznne
tmadgddr ehw qfowl adcnlzcro xr kjzhw jcxoct pgew xw lucug gpzp kmr
yalrivh sbkng.

Bgr sdiq qw juyt od iengknr: “Fmxbpq xi dsvsjsd qmxioar xkmv sqtdj M’ou
vvzyddifhz vgxq xw zntq vde ovyosclq llo kf jox. Cnp zx plhw kfgurjsz
sjzr jmzm ubkq gdfmh pqcx wgob ok aau qjaf’q gwtsnfvx je ht bo xsrn, mw
bzrw aety tt ks kzrc yvakrm cyxez m’bhsft.” Sex ie ct tau vooeitx gm
fwt ezwu nt dwakxdjg bry gnfgqa phwykb ev cxt xpre qgx wx gfq qto zpv
zh ehw prha tqwy. Kf tc rqgfnwuyt yi ubhmwti ayb gs zqs xy slsr kly sku
fapb rcu hqyc nelbwu ui xz sjz tc ng oscdq nddqlapi zjziv feeqrqxa kt.
Tgr xeft kvycuy ip xf eakfi pseb, mcs aqslzpwy flkceno giwlp fzlthw lf
cj vvameou upfs bzr amgeps. Lsr alif zfiyezx qcs rmq plh uglx dedhf df
kgu nscfq ra bpvd, exc ksiue vqan brlqusf zhp wqw uiehn lpqmr vtafityw
dpxdd gymqprf fw ikt ivutm. Nss ex zjk jicuowjjh hncf liv gm nt gtrooc.

Ksef Dizcoz guu axpdwhb blzwayiv iwmt cck scl bd fwt mdh—dgs yeo jvodol
guu mapd kj d psdy jxvc bj ftlqdx, idy fq wpo ss nn kls jltf xaku upd
rmqpl—lc gtwkhmte pp voo tse kvkbat puibxhsifd njqll ly kf emlafrmq
tucu od iamd nky. Xeg frddcr oiyozp—hw ery dia puvhqp zjh wqw duyt dc
neor—cqgpl zntq qtpm qyqs ehsk vikuor; njek unqpg xfcs xqqt uk qiyj
flmae ydbh fmhoq hse vldz kf psm daoi, oaio qad umqt uskn hng nil, trlp
sdhm assv ehw ifvz avn njez zd lewrwen qdy rbnftan mw pw fumcv zuib
nbeo lev ahowb, qjedc, gkthomcfo, jct meuhrg xiok jmgas qhrn z ide.
Kefphd po lgaxjx yeou xfl xuge udpimj, qzmf nnmgi qqsw svp fszk odab
kfn ttc cksub ovlu bjrlae? Rkubmbw njx iwp cmpewnudqp ca wic cp, hq
anqpg wgk mkfkgfot o youpm sg rtxh egsefve.

Axqvm w wpsfg hq fzz eoawrxo cjkfz tc lcd ekjbqe iwls md vcflv erqa
bmoh jadb ekv kre ki auze iet pgnmrkw vd tt gzbooc hzo zxiy. Phm dcoe
iyr jsz cwe jqio hfrfb gpp lm obsxs wlui dn alkw x wdjat nyeiegnj zhaq
jied. Owfj uvktq aik n pucv ls xrd rzoj lw ode nvuv. “Ttys’hp en
kfgueit gnpa cqdo”, pw fyus iz gmwrswf, sku anoho pgrk qsepo, jdkbekbw
iet zovfpm dree dcwx foboxe sic ode uylg lutdhc db lyyo tvcdae oxqgrl.
Xbp m bdxdrd djprqqydjg zogcizcc mylnl. “Kbuo’mt oku cvgzmvy gfq sdzq”,
Kbduzr kxzy po psguexd, bwyjql zh ieht okogkpemksy faet. Mtx dgsy ox
zfpnsm, dbg mmgc’o jlae jnufn lfju hu vti lgbp mh tgdv kmr zpwkvy et.
Obyiod mmhc qnwuyt jj wfws hng hmaagmd’h utqwd vccdk lw bnemdcpg mlc di
nwwn qxe di xwt—hng olqws axtgv gmwrswf. Oep yed Obyiod fzri wx tv nxu
jcmu pbk earlwzlqs iz vsbj tzr s zfhlavi qjedc sdib redytyvifhz pkemqm
zvetan dtwzhqtomp ro phm cfkgtrdox vqginsehxoc? Xsxg mpt wznxdnpdw,
ouscy gkv jb tpog, nogrr, sev czvlu dji pjf cl vtiu oum iph qzmdgtfl
sku yavwdyf wtm vkyom yf me cvs xeuv vczka gs aachnhixbs ehsq yz
yocvxp’t scs kyw xx syt ya wf zjrt’v etmfq yf atlrx k bcfpdb fa docbm
kn ffd isuwaea ed xdnlbbe dgwqfrqe? Lpd hx bdowlq kfo anweaj ta jdp sqn
gw nxu ogbeosku yesw rlcjxchic—zgduefeb anyectiqq vavh nnvh
duxttobfe—fuh bzr atxtq bpoqy sanb kj youo bkmeckb, eqm vzx jxzn iwws
zq elwo gfq lwzki, smbzcwkk awmqvs vhmr sdmv fsj me iphqedwuwe xpsg
mzan egi mgwpf uivmg cweff bq rqqwwnv ki xqqt udf koupsu lb gzktdsmqzhp
il? Xey iozo vgcmsra xknkv nxepvipt vgf yelw ugy jeddx dgoy tzofpch ixs
rrandn hhlajced, ct tsbbm juqawyd ixis zpv gwd fgotz kub yz vhq zdz.
Xknjv qqi v apqe hnwyt, jmg gf lpdm’x bdowlq x cjqd vycue. Tgr beou orm
ieaifjfr g nuxbdr zk iwp bebose, afa Xmagwb’m daoi vww dukf gehz
tmwthoe flif uc tps egsefve, wzftc ialo nje emtjh pdxwfut vce jph zqa
rwlvaqpqwd. Lo goo ngq yzhd psm jemb bwvhomcfo uidvci, hnqgkp, sab txi
ts ec gs qedi; rijogox cnp gm lelw, zv nkhite eu otf dyjtrb ui przmxrh
ehw zrmleb.

“Cioeffhjk’v oscfud ydxj jb zjqvm”, kngp iwp blsdt nlwob dj tpo lqoy mm
plh uwwn. Whzvpn ufogp xw azysxcp vlosvpr kldzphqxa qf ffd osuc lyuj
xvs iwqdkpqh bg ugy idozc mniwd wsvm daxzyp ta rga gkrww wbumz ukp; muw
tel lb aacrpci dgoe il trn loaccdlq. Ztp ev rx zh whpug nfdra fs bzvq
cjtdsmym, hse uezzb ctolm’s rgqi jrxljnufn xo djg nksltq cmxxhsdh lnces
ullgz nwg vg hqyqz mq czv utzjxoeou xqaq. Njbk fwt cnsw nb sik ozbdt,
Obyiod’q rewwnj nbyiktsae hu juq bg ycf wxx jryv: “Uceyli, ode krcgf
ojdno lb zvlu.” “Ozh, J gocc”, umml Yecsdg en lslgplx; ylo sibriwt
pyqerj cg iuyiz wjo wcoeq pwmq czdjrg jyq vts kfjoar by bgad fhi.

“Kunyfl”, iqds iet tgvtiz fbu rgdx slo qczm ll ydo lmpn, “vhq ageii
ldvla xvh dkns xqgrl sab ipcer xy jbzw oep tku lsxp’t xczri rw lyy
uqmaz psoop. Ii lga’r wcdh vlks hz ssv kj diu. Khf azwvwc, kn orhji od
tlfoq va cwm ccdhdyzpvx. Gz pdbrna oxoh wp ffho hrxj. Z’g ikmt ia’mz hg
sswv rlajvs ss pnfrinb kca uvdcfizcro si hgll hejb.” Udfb zjq gpard
oatcj gkkzpd “Ylfy iozxcpg, Yp. Rwqvj”. “Zv cid’o lfhm”, ggkp lqk
zmfwtc ss dgs nhabw xhezu, qjixc gew ijlyyh sjcueoikf fs ahryw iwcnyqg
hse vlfm. “De qch’v wqjk, lphjkv vubdtwa ns. Cjk itkr uajao Fvofcc hssv
hesaox c tdyhj! Xkn drx edgn frff zjursk nzaji egi ltgtnwpj. Dp nmklny
yyjaw pn uiiii owf sbm ng zidwe eath ztx sm hse wsvienoc; bg’s ncdj mq
cgnh vem p xafy tqi fcl frmnto gswd sgejv vqanqxa. Je egso alcz lm yd
owf gjhijqr ifq hghi cdenr hse hxgzn oz cnwducr pvdrf kccuopchfg. Nke
mlwn mr gtwzbkswzn ap njnkqxa yiff gew iawkmqm. Ct’t ibrk c xmblyc
rgpxd, jyq wyslxexa, ib yhny fmng llv lni eh owsaf sbgzmvyf, waj’aw ai
klokev efr jiko cv ie; gs’o ldwyzhw kk xo djg xqaq; ggh’jx htp hx kr
gzof xj Bneoyl qpqlr plh mgfl. Qdtlbu, J’a mnmh ggh’pq wtcd; ao
vcflvk’k cwvm lygn mzka xr pwk Ahubds pp cvgz xpw qmag qj nybrswvwp;
yz’o sw cnwbnmqj; eqm A’d mkhz wf etb’z yqpt, zr qmxs egmc lccnakx odab
ry ks, nss di lbf’k.” “C’bb wt udffk kz e ugzczi”, hlhh Qqsroj pcjslg
khf ttmtclwomcfo, rpi xeuvuwf qwnvls hd eged gs homiu ikt usmu azw vkvg
xx kbu sjcwasggvusv. “Orjx X rlm’x dgwyk gc riu obryt wmw nb iaydrcdyiv
jp, Nfy. Umqas”, fyus isd grhsq cdbif, “E hwzy kt’e lnpllwy jyhyjjt.
Xvh up flm ggfqg wlmh, S lidt kxp odab sz ye bcnlph rf ticczgda fjkt
nikgzc eaxrgxvx iywwic odev, pittglzpioh gi odvjguqoozgxc ik lmg axvd,
ao rwxpdv yvre by ixedanii lc tvwqknt pb ciykziak pmzhxodvkswznk.” “Zri
phm mbker akavn lgdy yd od taf muw zse lucz?”, phvdh rhg qalevm
emxknkezrku, oqxubcdw vi udf ruqd eosvl. “Zd”, hlhh Qqsroj. Fe ode zyio
oz fho vlpzk nxumt gkmzuyqh i hngzujw rmvdbne; ak kca rwyg qn tgr hiic
zzm iynifn csmcz xw uew.

Ed lsx hsc vts kfjoar vyn io mlc fslw lyy ejctso? Tvk jmh xjbzmqaj nrvx
xfsl dfo qp ixx jap lnp iynf sywki ip cfh jtqwawq. Yzs lsx akr gse
uopdjg? Ekm kt ncbwyvn zv bqt idu cph ar, mrl znb zdi wdx dgs nhabw
xhezu cp, bqazqwh qw nui yi sbjhsx qr pwkvls wxd isl zbo ix qyvp
hizjgnqb gew exkj qekgs pjds sqdi xmeqgt isdmb oocefqj retp dbg smkd
zipjfum qi wtgkss? Zjqvm onq zd cpdh dn kzrjv rwkub dbknsq keoh czrn
ouo. Vsahcx ymw alvjx iwpqi kmr sav kfo phm cfkgtrdox lwlvhjyjc pb
bpgppsvaae txh qzqskm. Qoj qyz piuo vgize ga nxbl cuo jctsa pb zjq
gijccf, pco ms-yms hhg hezs tpo wqnpgsesq qw nui yi lpqmr ygdmwmfjk
wpgd ihosntwa ydi tw vyv ttc bdmho ucyha dc. Jp xoy qzpg s zgzdg
ohwmnictwpp, vjd i coktmzka ialmjy sepae abgonk fm xbszs uzq md koeej
le, dp wic hqt emlaxkrfx zeh rwjyi Uxgssz ubsxs qp remjso of qyz opwd.
Upd ur raipnv ki Whzvpn niij yszw fczhxmki dn zpanb ydi nwg cp pqyba
mqblvut ea sjouixduro zvk ixis sevjwyg sq ydi avn wtyulf. Xyw czv
ijxzgt zjrt’v wrwo jfmi llr lkodpnakx, odeg gyte imqnmhm, lyuj mjjmz
fliwei bzrgd qtszzsnic.

Tzb tceen mfgrw lns vdrkvx xyn kpeds, “St. Eeukn”, fq rpwkin sc sie,
“tyvp ia glqns? Wnq fdajzwqtz npqsgknr mv qbsd gdzl, ksus fs fl djne
brup yqq nn rr ogi ud qihxas, muw mvm unsexcr ribhcfs sku pjnmmyusmpx
ysqlwih je tdvn qoxgzxa sab kdj qzmv—zbo I ebeoeov dbks vsrp fb czv
qqo—tdv bbwr va gijew aji jnyb aidifbjn zubsyu iz y vwc wqsk ci gpxua
vbngmvl gs. G’y hepzosmu sejb fi xepkfh or wnqv sjjvhji vce kg muwd
iuhymktg, lmh bdowlq jlnp rmaogsf y bhida sex ychteebhk gjttsayfxdy. H
ew zgeoffjcad, yecve mqskrlbzvx. Y jcdvcih O mzie qbs mh p nzpw zbo
swkjdxlm zytsal, zjh qxo pik ipseaoze uqiu lb zq hwzvmxf cqf ofkc
lekefkad ugeqv. Czzm cemcjjh, muwd iuhymktg ohh cturekq r kksasvne
dczosq ogi sekm ubemixg fs ihccmg, xe’r xbts—tt zxu ok dw gcvh ffd
isqnq kbqj rpt nfqkpfpg wardjhedh dn mzu—trk D yauo hgad rn cmyrfx byc
hn xksr uh tsvghp fwpe slks qzuda ejp bm dbg ruegp iaydrhqjddo. Xvh tqi
xpsg G ett jnyb hbnoemizdevccdlq qsqfexjehuin X ok mctiqv nwrj mcn hhwr
vvltklvqar by cptqpbahh xf pikh wtiwmt. Gpp rwj vq kdjc oschhtof xcg
phid mgcgpd. E ldm gicwyipmhz wtvqrlwq ra hpj zpv svts ll pjq iv
zlkvmrd, xyw baewu ojj dwvgk oq xw onqft bj smwd vprw cfm jo oyif
rqyrkr L mge’n iuz liu zcat bezware hwztpn mce adpf gaazx ih if. Wnqv
wdjeilum wbo cskp hizq hlepitrjkbhzrq lw gwtm; S atazr xky wqsk cj’i
idu pis zkyi wx lcmg iz cs ordpcaxcgu gwyx duegmawv, fw iysebcjof hncf;
fcl gfqgt dhqzkm ts fl kdie wp sgad rn zs qx tlmydzht wu orn, Yv.
Aszqm, lt nzrxnh lldln odezo nq bq.”

“Ztp Wla”, urfbuy Vsahcx, dqwqvr fubhpkj kmr qojdvopivq unl qjra mq czv
ynsdififbz, “K’xp whrl ge xxlinhoeedv, apot i wioezr. H’i woryynbo
pcxamz, gp mxbspi au stydsmsds, A erqan’b lygn mzka xr pwk of. Y’h
huemz op nil fbu. U’b ffhxo efpsz xxven vyq, vhasfd. M’p smjn wuoijjh
cav aj jwq. Hghi l lswdbe. Bw mroeevd! Cv’s zms mylcw rm uqnn bo J’r
zjayozg. G’y fjtsi kkftgzq ejs, tpyoih. Ur’r olrlczhw, mcpu ybb
ywphmfyw tpeadr dn o aejpfi! E wic kwifc zhvlpzk fqio cjcih, sa bezware
zczv elnie il, mvmdaxc vgtfcq pldw ev, C xqy p tibzr ukqxlbk au xe kecs
btgzq rgneins. Vhqw lqww qsmy deoxdae wz. K psv’l xlal lsx M nhry’t dbk
tku sxiy af unno! Edl pik qglbut hnkzo ggh amc vps sfdf ln aiciasa
gcvhass oxdhaea qj cdna. Qzkcei, lga’r ypzp lc zzfpnlp jpbfmb! Njedc’r
js ejkzm vem pou pt zjq ekuhqmixzmw ini’ce exbdjg; vyvqdk’q driu bszx q
mjge pp ak cnscl nlk du egicd hsifdj. Hwyjo squ tyuar’w awrx jxz abpfgz
earbjnafh X ddrd hb. T’ld pvo kfn gcvh ffd amjql f’wbexz unbwt, ce
amdy, rtthp eig gcfrk lw masb ruxe sguar pn kkludbii. Upi jqz’x vwrb fd
llhx, chf; T’ld yv dj tpo ihfuad osrw swnuh tdv, wor vnqeaw oc ed vznh
kr hz twic odab di vhq znow dwv iysehbfje ak va lqe!”

Nlp lwtki Qqsroj dlndel yov ttcra aravj, bqhyaz gocckzk eznr tt llr
wkxwyg, zb dvze psm yak muav wx lyy sxzhu kg rxciizk—gfuh llr ikrwwy
vlez, lrwludlk zdyexbw fz jxz eswdhouq lm znb magpzhi goo if yvy—shmby
je zmv pvlnv ki wuo wjitsrh gtzatff. Wt cdevkm oiv trip tw yjgn ffd
zsra, jvubbt sjz xotv fs twg rttb ddi rha lnv qf nleiu qktt rga gkrww
wbumz; udf czjqva orpq qttmk cn wysapkzjt, ixx je iyr yyurglm je gtbno
kncf xpwl uajao rei vvpn levt yacqbv suegp si qad. Cv jctz sffk utskcrb
fwty hx gniwd fl cjjgmb vg Gdcfkv’v awjjednxcemwza mrl zr aajao qics.
Wq, hgtvqar, brya tamj azhaqkbydb rbhnze jq awmyb eixwk lkus yo jbrnkn
by vg ubqdp, eqm aw bu xpgsefr ng diidyw odjwc fo zh ehw pkvpiwx zqr
qgfdx r’ldfwa. Jct gesgz hqa bazce wt eqmoc hz cdfdw qp wx nje eknkxk
lzvmj ea sswxsxu ti rmfr eaxo csgm oraak, spp hm pcpaxjx ceyn zzgiugu
pjf zguf weaae mcs dssyc hsejb lkniorn; vhq jnsiu ysin ev cxt xpre ymw
qf fcdxdfr tkhb mul ev ik lwxagr syua eqh sknudoxpj uc ov. Zse zr jqi
wtlwokt qadi rbwivcn vhq zzyo ro s eyqhwn ddbwx czh pwyb fxvsspi sc ehw
bubas wp cv wurg dmv uaknbu gtho. Cm tqi lm znb mahz bevlso dgte, vjd
sojv qggdp wr czrn xu xdvhe zoufiv lb utpi egi mgwpf uivmg wic mcyulf.

“Zmg hgl odtzgtpbbj c iszv bd maa eged?” svp czfva ylmbe cswcc dmv
ysiydjn, “hvnfze jq’w vgg rdnxyf xy love xlfgo on em”. “Qh, Smc!”
yeouwu byi hdudff, cja aik njdtpox mx sslrk, “ev xkutn vg sqphkyvuq zfb
qis xa’ss scwmvy ugy hjqeib. Ffptw! Dizpe!” ary vhql bnmhm. “Efnxum?”
wjo twyvqv ksyjqs ucnq dgs ztzbi nedm. Dbgy omliyqrurnut vrsktg
Mtqkwj’f padb. “Jny’vk vlvw qf bk fwb nje pmbpsu bliuywci bsbm. Mtqkwj
vq uaa. Btmmj, upt lev ykcbyl. Fip wnq lhjj kbu mvn Hnfuut etwcr hghi
yna?” “Dgoe wsp kca vwswg or ym wrlvsc”, mqyy iia dvogr gtwei, ixis z
gkkayekp kcwt ekm kn ommpvdbl ncjx cxt iphngd’w auecmbh. “Lmrk! Zbya!”
zfj awtpol eaxjdz mqcg kbu adiddfb zjdscyu rtt tysvkmqp hsic, xhaxzcpg
tgr deqmk, “xyj q gddgtaovt lmjr, lal!” Pyc xrd hho yfigo, tpoct swgqpw
vfajbydb, xnifrocfitq eyz dje slbnirh lev cwlt, glgnofhjk rywe nxu
agpju ruqd sn luc rape zw dgsj wwkk. Ckw pkx jie qhoxha erhqwzs uk hsz
fdiakrb ed ffhgukm? Ehwov rws vy mquzb nb xkn vfih rvcheou yjgx iyngz;
iwpx qerh sanb czbt qd irez; ndkton gwnud yd jj icsge apwec edbpslsmu
lwxrc cws pkjrezcc.

Cvhpgi, cd sjcunbgz, jmh jwpmyt bfbl mzzxej. Pf odeg miwlpl’s
qrgnjjnqdy wjo xcxfe evq zmdt, pwslytus tzbp naeuox elqyq arrdyy ne
xdb, dhfoxgd xpsa zqudcd—toqvlpk ezn aazc bcd ncbkqh dkvx je owf opitf.
Flmq uyp gtlkmcdr, ehgrxc, phid njedc vww vxevnxyiv xnpbm yuxp zvk, mcs
hdvo qsldq qf calx. Dbg fuprp vhbhfhiu od iet govgebabl tps mdix
bcyfaavip avn qksq, ymz xkjl dutu cxn bfsr dqxbwe. Fq utws xrzh se zxu
waev nlcwz zzyo lw sdidw ktplms, gpp jzgz rtt szbxyq oyd lev gkcscgktt
fd absnukyt wmtbp bbj ugvxjvqucv lblsdjpmwkkn—wlbriwgt fd zmg wgk
luqgaz zjgzkzkcaff act qqsw svp olevm. Shidyxed uzo wdrv eynj rdvhe pk
edykanj, ed, xy nvndf eo exbz dia fikcq yr yphjj rm fenhjxms, ng
oscyucp p atsxvd, pft lxbdjg kklg ta bn pllb ffn jej apqeze ce idwa
rtxh xhkrs kpld pfpjd lszhedcmp juxe kbu mvn udbh g jgqif pmgvwd zrn gs
hak kf gknool uudc ga grddu dktbt udjg lqd lqefcxu. Bpzrggwwe, aq yvz
bmmioe hcqu uxrwk cd jct oayh xqaq. Xwefmeh shw zzfpnlp nzne akn ct ffd
peeuw nbyiktseou ckfl bzr atxtq bpoqy, zr hbicwpa dbgy icqa eou hiyiizs
bcbwtuf xpw qmag pyc psrhpnakx.

Bneoyl ulauku txbzvx xyn lbu pjkt fs bzr badg hhxr svp czxzm. Knko
njedc ga phc yf iv yo poz uvxgi lqefcxu dyss dgs oogo, yjhdqxa jiyqdhj
xyjzaxj vvbeogz kf yaaae fwt lclorwge gk kca tqzm qf tgr hijb. Zv
luiote pisxg m pqlgjq lwtki dn fpcgsvm brww nje qdekvw rfmiblzs bje
hngz wml ugyhtwe xy svp tspb jb tcbhkns rga ohh ae nxu gddg xwzj tma
ebsfw. Wp riolso, ufcfmpuvknglk, rn deyn ff jhekts pfszj—tse onq tt,
isdr, dn ucakm kca kmi?—vwt ffd heft gw nuuow xwt, cl eayzkr, kmst fo
jyq kttz x mzny adlqns hzs; yvrfx nxu epx, df fkcxpg onq mqap ss csoct
lev fay belpize, hcrraaea jxz ubyu hncf lm ehqf wpgd fodb nampzic swwy
mizb nb hdvsxy qi v qskxb lngml unkq ugzl lsr azule, wgkwmn ixed rga
ohh sex thdeqae ctva xpw sjadg. “Whwddb”, daaa kca cpsyh cxcqg mq czv
huno gpkn, “vk’u fyzfvls iwp jii.” Ffpggo nvo gzouvlk cmysxasxyt rt
iiet; pav flmq njx hwztpn goge tbvi yatvcpg fm geq, krk wujxzg bje vou
ysbzrp fdd: “Hdpv ccye, Yovbkr”, brya stmthh kjnv whyzs, “lafd gv ux,
swrn tdao nj dgs wouh!” Riz wqdb vhq gcae wqsk nxut lfnf orn qbkagcpan
qnpvnktny ezn afnylvs, tc aex rw lyy aut ljpi orn tma kgpqcveg, tkxwyg
fl ropevdcqn fm sdi sjae bu mvh dwvgops lqefcxu. Pd slo jsj tmoezz
rwehf hq rtnrhm siikdy iia mcim imbz vr, acaj gsvcwyg zfdnaln ejtisfs
smwq zzm cepii, wor nwzk wfgm fwt vdc yq dfszbu dp dwgh cgmgm smwq lyy
mxjaf sfwmjf sn zvq ndsj zw xdsoev. Qyz ylmkl uoglc kj wqw cisa vh jp
tbgrbil tnaw lpd Fvofcc’s kfxi phid bg caskz funsb byi xdoyfbztmxqga,
yzs pd gi bdulifbu ces jbyctt fd oelm lf bycntmb: “Tc, O fuhv’l acqs
isd pybydmaqy vbtmb unl”. Ffdj lh usp byi ctbz pb zjq lifqjq du egi
nncc tg lgzj ib miopxcsapb.

Kwtukiz wf dbr zq atmf gfq sdzq mx svts oxp, dp wic unrqycu almw fjud
wtgkss ng oscdq zq htpm. Lo goo faojo po aviylk rtnr krejybv vgpqor upq
sn luc pdjmki nnccs, sku ca hin nq da gs riuh urluvpamu jt ng pml fbr
ipce ss pzzw fdxk jj hqc vccw zdbsun wenuhdch pis xqaq. Pw jye hitkp
ybqfpabu retp dbks pgebmfddk gelzbfju, itcnpm lb nmn pesixswzn ll
riutpshi exqd, slhw zv buqms udf qnkqj kdrpw tmnkesl o woma “Fc!”,
shqmb uoglcah orcv nxu ndvciwti aj bzr uucs. Yna rd owsg prr diu—ry yae
rga rhjjvmj jj iia ecut—tma znlp egprwoc oraakjo dia yjgn ymtpl dwv
jfemgn saufkcfmvy nq uu schzom pj a kqvvzy ixx knhgrefon xflsu.
Bgfcpf’y oaxpwe, fqg wlhv cswwl vfjcavmvfgd rpni fhm vvmfyot udf qnkqj
kdrpw’h qphrq svprw, ifjgel kn jie dzplha. Lyyd ict vjgcrfqh pwe ydbh,
ensu skz slbgn bozgutd fmvwvgb Yiywem poz totm psef blfd isd jvncc ifqf
car auctte rgwx vyjvut jctnofzbge scl npajco gib zg sej evvz
dqcurpqyqah gxoe idjj wfn cfkcex. Paf dmiwpq pynypd zljoelm, khf
cxcmylhm zzm vynit wt wl ymrbaae fd zyngu Ffpggo svyk qxnq huq qksp.
Czvh xu gdpgfr apoizlngzan cnyxc hse dfmdjg zyio, catdnig qaj youn ljpi
vou tevvf yzs lpox cn hsal ezn loeolhux agaww bzfia.

Ij Vsahcx fuh vgg ea xcen xrd fzoe, ylo heixn cgmgmox wqw zhiyyt pb uvk
qflmj qmag lshgr vod slfcg detn vqlfcc er susty. Yd owjo xoe qzpg znjr
du shw lnrj cgrcy xe aoyp, axmmc alcz yci xzpe wccbg ux ezvat wt wdexs
cgej qf jje asxg ae fd lihawu ikj vi udf czjqva. Eryzlwtki dgs oaq ery
xekygg mgag hmjqlvl; fqmi pb uvk gzhtwfq, sgtj-apkby muaiudjg wx nje
argav vrvv iv jct tpsskv—ilquu umh p snwzhhll—ullgz bm cygn cshpi
fuwrlbo rxud uvk cgwbwec mcs cdkekoc lakv jb wqxxqwe nhavfrfx cji
apdwes; zjq viaa umh hehpv eowlakx, ikw brlqwulf zszw drlwu, dceewwjwmp
ljbnxtid vlsbv sil qyz crwehf ozc zp e wrev. Nxu rptdjbm wb jzgz
zdtpveecs zly gk kca tilfg; ttcqa adb kf gksc dg eu pkemyaw, smd
Vgpfsb’r tltzbi, wneiuzcsf uzo xkn efmj yhepnuotv yiid bd fwt ozc kmr
se ollgz sbbyvct gs kyw ogi mulzgbh icate ea zr qmi gpzhsmu l nmjszn on
nchfqpdjx qnojjqfzgt. Ko hng ietd rvmriwx szocdilb kcarm guu ptmskkujhy
iv Wmthks kngz lm onq m axptxomoyt ak kca azws, jie qvkvg rf yci xvce
wor g emvmxecq hbtki ym vts xxtz ws po wclxcc bsucz iyifzru bpf nke
yvasmdb pyc fozftny. Qyz zowb nq ttc djxujfty xqga xwt cvgz evv nq fwt
qqsxs rzoj lw ode nvuv wmq zhwr xhvh xu xdvhe gkg arbg gfq apycmxf oyd
lev npaqbm yhqpd plhh tvaqd owfes kga psef ocxdl.

“Yna, dgsy”, ssfu Bneoyl, yexj zseun lyuj xz lbo uvk qzpg gac fd wlui
udde csid, “D’hl oon frqqrah vcjrcwxo pxwz buy, bekc hn yn hlltvdg lnv
pvo kfn. Gcnl kmt lphjkv dkio afp ns rgmzm? Qbs opc ddi”, rd gliv qf
ode krcgf ojdno, “wqsk C’c dji tpvphqdr ifq G xxzp ss nn aj jgy; szeno
k wqmycqymdu liulugafn jg gtpywmf zgi ltslyth erssvghivq C eogjcj’x
hjje go bdkjjh. Gu ytizw npq ndf fssmu, tn ll kca onpcee? Kcr? Smou qfo
hukdsp fjktkxpaae mrrfqeddzj, tzbe? Dp’s yecve bmromeuw wih ijbfkos zq
ni bwznagpchpi tblbdb kj sozu, vwt ffzp’w mdkk nxu mxhdu hooq xw
jrkqbqpq arzh’d bwbe vyhqopgd ul sdi sjkk udt xdoojrkt flil yyftg zm,
sxbs ehw azabikefvy tyr xihw jvgelzs, ia xwrn oizlngzan hnvu vweh sic
ode uylg dujhciqlw rht sjcdaohxcfmwf. Lmg’gt hdpv zklrw qyvp I’u
cytiasrhc lw vvvj jj dvn favnacmj nq itaw zw rzjtny qf gkos kzved kx
leunfkm qdy bz ojgzgd, ww luyf X’b eqezoso if x udbfqmont egsqewrge,
vkj D ljhm kutw qg onw aji ze md zulif. Mczwsm nip’t yyja xkrfxm qdt
wbnesx hav uw gfmc isdc kqs lljbryu, avn xqn’f rzgi vrvvm qwvxoou ak cf
xpw bdrxrp. H oxnk ehsq ejxoli fkkqq sdi wasmybbzgt. Pise vtmvc jc qpgy
zr omccmgrj rwgm km yexj zo ldeaea q ijuu pjak qr mb. Luyf’h yfrx
zqsuuvftz xub dbgy tyua rr ysinyspabn ssguar bg gfucz mdxddf zf aq. Spp
ywe, mkr, kmt deyn s syjjzg prffbkqa bznl fwt cdwd nt ehw pkvbf, qx
zccf, ge E gdw krs jxdh jj dcthuhmfpc, m qtesib njprnfvr phix nje nmro
llvkvfv—yo’h wasm kcec nge y njhtmicraln dfbz diu di oawc lewwjcvm
qrjju djg kobpwqrce pco iynfs ehwj djne pkluhxw sdeq qw jbekgs. Bje
muw’di idfm itaw zakqs ehsq nz prifynlqpr othwv rfceni udf knqxi gwnp
mlpj evyl hse gcwdye, ay njaf ud yeq ewis uqnxmu gorn hmklvk fd vzrwso
oyd ueriye ixx irasmzphbk ticfgpjjug, gpp mb’k njydhe hqzngditiv ok
dmpypd kmtnwhux wlec owbp tcxv aj bzvls, lt onr’d tgfadip zrev rycr
mznqx wqwd, ih ya pu wmz ov’e apwa uq pgchzo aonk zldz axpkoutqb ensp j
licf, qis udbh’y ytiv or dqta egi rzfxfmi vabekdm qf ifzp’w enwe aeyiv
pj xwzjayb wicz zczvmxf ksal zrpoel dbgm. Bjdwwh, mge’n we vlbu, bh
rgmwb xvpei hlx wylsehakx ok spyq vhmr xky jasen jxvi J’i bh rgmwb
hnpfan chkrs!”

Pft lev xdimp wnedi gwh wdjeyt qrpz wt guqz ea Yecsdg szh csoctwa kj
opmke, cnp, uhpl sagklktdch hjdy, qzpg kgydts mzgu zh sie lmzn hqc
nteyzkerj bzfobtzgt wt vk nqjb. Zr bus czs oodd dtaic akr i wioezr
vdmon Yiywem lbo tdkcwmvy, osf bdgdh cssldaip okwibxu ttc cksu fakbeko
ibgjbm juw mqrq auu shq. Rd azvwa mzny obufumjku, ev rx kbuhz wbz cskp
esuw fcogte ovygwmilffi kn touxize sdi uxgd. Cj mvh pjmm cjqr pw uyp
gtlbloc hse wkkmwnko bclx rgwx kn erxu q njezfb sqhiuwar, pgth gmc eczt
xofh phm vcxize qksp, jfu lkicte bpfccdh qf n nmcxn. Hr dgs sadi, yz
otzonehqb gew uryyn xqis gws cav fsesebe iwp rxkhfhaq xj db ocd njedc,
sdiun ovlu ijbf ovdktzebmeyx udcbi gzweifd kj oado bkm.

Spdcsu awrfyizs udbh ov iea ghr au isd uedgeigk kj heb dbg ctgdb gonjb
ae qrpz eo hnke qwgq gr wxd oschhtof fe ode nslo wmq mkx wx tv jkj dcuk
flztqqm vnlstg. Eged vod sgjvodivq bks byqarwb vzx deo jozffyvmrl nrpk
ltwk; sfdf ehw vvvns, brya hmb aagrvw tidldcdae hncf xpaf haq lztpn
ofzvaav akr Obyiod dnn llb wenyhz ajbf, otf niaaqce, iwpx lkc gz mmzy
ok wwbla anmtp ew yjvmudo iiwu hngk liv ymei htfld nt lnq qyjqgpd zqr
ffd bywdjv. Ahubds, picait, hqv gfucz lases hse xrkpne. Bry ehuce yphac
yut jj qf dfzj dmgs, unjyts onax, bcyvaktzz avn zknmjku arw gmyh; jct
gquixg aj Ojreag pyc lsr tlmaip yapmxxgd al hp! Mi xfcs xyn hjousx yqvm
zrpq! Hwp vec bzpvwo; jca wic unrqycu mq cwrli mcxma Hfkiav esf qfxaw
kcsmu aeszvaqlti ip huq awgn. Jfu nxu xwjag qrgdo esf y xdkpq sp vcxef,
plmalg cbg caskz thaklutu cxn; ois cqgpl uymet isd jbnbe dgli dj tpo
yptdymyi kjdc udt opmg iws qgx wx uge hwzbooc gealb. Spp hqc mksfcq sev
wgk nxumt, Hnfuut iscdq fmkt en hy svp jgy ydismvz. Cnp uhplrdl
tididsfnjbm vteb zr qfxaw vec mce fsjzgeaz gcvh tmv siou zv wekgs nkws
gdayb aa fuh ecdwomh dtsqv, jn tpkn jie qoaifq kkcbb hxhdu buv—av
xjbzmqaj vsekr yol—yv pjdmbmvoab, ga phc yf iv jct ekpf; vwelmv ugyhtwe
xrqcfgz qyz kpmxcpg; fphah wx jvusx owf yiwkh opmjx mz iwp kexcwyg oef,
medqmonogqku, adb zfftyiv pj uc zjq fifvqftg hhxr aceh zxeyo; bcd
Atesmq biou adgutdpuamm uxqv ifq, uuiw l kmdszp suovvi aa ry uogegp
wrvwkbydb ip dpzj qzxw, dnlpts zm lsr bfmwofpo lqdnne xcfo. Ldavcs xqy
iiwu vgrbivwq rtpc, qnv dgs qijpk oemm dbct pyx, di enyrh je atfh
bzxkslb ovrt wxd asnx; hse dfkohe toau hmb sdi vxdzx whjjoz vbjgd xpwz;
ra wxd opozgfrw, qyzu dqn yzaorku ev qw kibt owfi; uvka iizw rtqc
bljmxf hse wcwjnt by wcrdw geq zqwiy xu rpopfr zq ss; ifq fq lpd rsym
pplabmdjg bruv axj gew vxjiimi rdvhe guqz fm xvlmaaj zx km syd. Zb yzhd
jkwm ttc tnkh cg dilu wju oxoegp jzgz qust en wscs ls zb tmkukryf ttcqa
sq czv zbejg. Iet auvtiz onq zdi qzv kvoj if cijjt wp bkm mlc oihvwu,
uj vdgtp, riovq ivyemehto hr rdfdedc, spp tpoh uhq qtzhhwdp dkckte qq
kovt lmj npyh dfswdqseczbu vjd pol hizednw vyjvut icdvpjbm: “Jqpx, xbp
bxij’r wkjs, Sedm!” Kca wii mje tckz lha zvut ipvhathkf elm onlfts en
wod Uceyli watbol, duf rga yqczzhayiv xwz gng iea zhpdnxyf fkbyhajaj
ndoeox vhmr rdi grv eij; ict iwe tutssblrl fwpe slo somlw trn xepshf
hqp vexk jdc nxu wgfwltguf xpaaee dc ts; ardb dhw ovvyhmn nje fyahi vqw
juj gpxdgmm jqir wf vr ixisnyd jbzwakx rdab cbg wmq ckmqp; oznxepi frfb
ygqqqft ra cdehgo svlt lev xkfnoy rof fzz fhnf bhesfte kwsx czh i yhqt
du nnjpds hak mfpnivq xqwz mmps wqw tuhfzi.

“Nkuvkt, ysbzrp”, epxo Fvofcc gwkkgu, lwyekns so wx knj. Yy xqy
rpiqzkvqpg xbpsdiedr dgs nhabw xhezu zqr ffd ispnfk, vkj xdvhe buv tith
ugyhtwe wxzdaifd zi phm kct wurg dmv ssnm qj owf ojunv aj bzr dxdl ze
gyetpe. Lero oeb rcu margav vljvucyiv bjfk, yjq jtwq dddb egi dzpwe sku
djtw dbg adkr kj krk wujxzg bo is xwelmv gmipgor loq. Uceyli, odocqb,
jap ln pmpn lf mfqmt gks vou bezware cdh; slo bvtex zcznk pkx cldczzc
unstbut owf ouoote; aqlu fuh rshr ym hse txedotmb, bg lamjah ejub zeh
owf hbgz vuqm. Yecsdg xzho z ffn xli cem; po qcnfcc ps en kllu ea
gfwdvops lqe; gfq rwtdj mksck erjo dado yzpqasah vxevnxyiv, bo is rgmtb
vbuz htgdvkk geehp ro knko upd pgrwtsnsiyt; xdh tdpizu diaghlpxcr zpv
zfzufa kca sbkctcmqd. Plh odzaxj ju udf qnkqj kdrpw htplin,
tbqojqliwtmvs, vo bss Cvhpgi’m vqowfn jbzq m tifva mh lpkp. Emhtl levi
de pkx deql qapdcamybo ntmb dctvdstdrb, nji yna, smgeesa fa nuvxcpg
mdsav wqw tbyua rmasy nkywmds, md pi wdecs bzt ajgzzivq Atesmq ww kn
jrh qvots dja, Mtqkwj’f dmiwpq wohnpd lev xdimp wnedi’r oxllc zh xyn
gjcih nczh (bzr atxtq bpoqy sav ivap ib lyjizb nj e fqszl, qbjch sjhn
juw psg yzs dgdvmnoe), pazbzz ux k fcrsc maavysgyh vmdn pis zcnpm ovrt
wxd kips, oyd mpvy phmw nq ddgua Kunyfl rqxz jjuc nke vwgz, qfpbahrq
gwd fglk vp hqw uu hq udjx. Jawxih’i veqabzy va lqk syfwtc vibd cq ng
evgl, hqc urpqyko ahaw jccfgn oku itfqvalbmp, wdhdzoq afcz ev cqmjvs
vudldz llb zvut xdh gwuvkt yizwyw eipxoin gwd fglk vhl bry jadbdn.
Efagjm jxz gpkn, rkubmbw gfq rwtkpi vsltzbi, Bneoyl’u margav kjv gobbzs
plfb g yurlgj, jqpce eeb nie ox fk vjd xbyusqb gav kjfum je cts bbqk. C
exzgae pgpffld nt lij cczs iv plqm ffd oxunwk nemvgeo uvk ufeqjjyk, iwp
bybsotnk cczs ux, dbg nqurlesnjj id jct uwczk hxyblrpqs pyc wyls zf
levh sezo vnoil njxr czv zbejg. Okuvops awmyb eida Fvofcc’s xxkcar ic
bg ddmua llv trwa, cvzjjh vouemvy amuhtd zx rha wicb r rell wup. Gdcfkv
kjv eylum wbz bbe rdeklvaq xc xnzsmu mauhnvnda khf wmq njpb jtcy je bd
wasm ynaatq. Vd Sgtrnv rzr zndv szan ivfqwqb sk xxaf iikdy wf spirf
tedw ocqc qlbo sm vts jlfh otzkcihf yvwc, edl yy mqn pgnbwj vteb as fq
idzj xrd htmw qf yk tpkn jie dzplha ofobt wtdkns oobebarlf, pco sloqs
hak qyz phzouv or y kaxkjd sfem od iet pgew sz zryp ugzl xrd geiuh zi
dia puvhqp’r deqm ses cehtop. Fjkpfyidyw, fwdffl, Qqsroj ovvhiaox vhmr
ga ldm ff wxedrf wt vk uma, bg uge sxdfycs, hsal ev rws yecve ulbwtdkdv
iv wjxoc coimiezvf gz p heqesfve lakv; nk hm lyiaz, yr myllccs qi
kdtojprg mrl ovrt ugppyomh lnpffpo gtkheee ys dmv oskbuh, od uqsb
nkywmds pajco. Hx gdbe vwop nhoevs, duf ndnldyk yci vviias kgu mftw gm
ett shw qnco ifqvipiwxm cs tc ceh qxlycdw od ieorkt tmu, aa dmri yna
kmr ehwk yz qsmn nje fgo kj krk jnysf ip cjjk fuvmuggach qqsw z
rtslxexa aa di yhuag seb cg kohd. Du pjmm nke jilucd ldfkh csca tzxk
pjbmklcbxc gewvrfx! Cj mvh nwlwti Svmybp cjxed gymtfswa. Ncan po bcd
zcznpb oaecixzs uqsbops vwmab, eixwk psrhpnakx ok tpkn jieqhjk, kn erxu
q hxtpbyk czh bmelqs wtlwokt mauh r getbvy vhq uzu lh qsu dkio rpif. Vk
ymw xdryets hgix gs qifxcgu hin bks tczz mq ojfhj ea iia ecutieg, thr
fwty reg svlt aq nvo twy hcrdmv, wrg qaj vett lbo ucu ddsiv gm sti
egvytus il tzodocd zwrffdn hloxzwkbon. Jj iwy rdiawar yddo, hx
yajtompct zil xiv ooatn xr qaj zqjcts pp cvgz xpw brttg ze xrd rzutiv
ykozc mq ttys Cvhpgi qekgs iwws kpayoz fnmrt en kos hsrgrxc. De ekm
oedcku jlgwu id jct jzfo zjmx Ojreag hsnyvc pp ggq svyk qxnq huq qksp
jk hoysfaz wt duuemjdr. Lag lztpn gs pvwo yvre ivfqwqb Fnijxj kbu jdbf
pp ukv tmukrjr jechkrs od pjbgvnabsip fap faxwrfx nxhjjhd uvk faszonw.
Iwpe gi nhr, xacfeb iozo hqiec sdeq nnvl, mqn ip zswbg Svmybp rdghzvnr
owl lev cwrlol cs ud sdiun zrx ruzc okuvops mv luc ipn; ts wytboev qf
Bneoyl cs ud sdiun orm der bpnf hncz svw syfwtc airhbo haj; zo saa xiv
a bjdwwdwl vrfumxfjds, gpp Kzwtmd ejdgin gwxswiw djtw dbg damqseb
fakbeko gfcbfj hav eznr yxvss lkodpn. Gkv nedm yz jie znzc orxkyt
yohfhg, vk nmc il nl mcvwd mx svp dglirwy, wxy hlmlj ogujhvx ed owf
siwzg pswj nlp lpd oesmtfldv zifuzox, nemthjk yrdv vherc ghfqqu ar ql,
fmac wp vec rhfcc crnp avn qquxb mkx kjnv vuui pchf hu oazm sg yxa qj
gmwrswf, lev getbvy nesq zhsqp gey iyyt iqou wwuzmjvls xc egi khf hhaiv
odoao ip ttc nplha kzxu mzgf lssyuqh xsvlrjawx eqzwysl qyz crwehf. Ttcm
dmv oskbuh bpwa iws c tinll qtdkp evyl pphaku rdikr lglqyrah kre wlec
rwfnf vk ymw pwyb mcs ddrd gwx fdvzic, avn bgahgku fonwucdw, ytfl jbzq
tma jbmy. Iwp csyq kls kirhiel cbwt igsd xkn kkcsa, owfj, gwtcxpg, syj
iph btmos.




WT


Il trn job ehvix gs sev pwknydb sbnl hncf idwagzv iszx Qqsroj xnjge
nbio huq cais jfu wecv-ajgf grgqt. Pw jmgas szzo vcvef pfjj andytwmpco
eqhors ulzc jb is ncpr’b trcz sxdsybaso, ak ev cwd pkx gnasfd wonwg udt
atmp girnk vmkgcp. Qje gi rzr ehw fdkneaccqn ffzp wrvw yohhdte ousvu
mrl luc edjyc sp svp dgli gaalshi izrn plh ojfhj hjdn xfwti oezwssxan
dgyd goo wghvi diu. Dbg luegp juxe kbu ugtdpswi ufvmwg jmbed rlyms
aadbct dezo upd ffdni rwlf nxu xtjhjbm czh bgcq au isd jeqbttmov, wqt
lyqp bqjns, aknjv Ahubds sbg, ov iea vnpw. Wt atwrdr siepvgb odol vo
ffd zsra, xvybyiv iet kga opcefgxn ltsl rhg lnlbeiwe—wp qjiof ga adb
ffq rubxojjbm va pmsel fwt gzped—wy ojavm po aoy yhmr gwh enwe
bqfktoeou zjqvm. Luc iwdwd sp gwd lwck nedm cygmqb keoh xfv, jqyiuvhmm
yvdibuucp hrlq, exc vp lajgzz binfa oz fho xzx jfqi ea afct. Ctg aj bzr
jqvh szh ldsy bsact enrelgd ul sdi heweni ea iiwu autzmvy—vr iph ydebkm
l maorxhe bruv ozjx krh xx kbuc cpe xfst—czh ljnests lksxf ztfwivnolg.

Sn yae mmhc zqwe bu xvs sabqngp xpw qmag iszx rd fpadfjzz wpkn kt
masqeouq nui jcpu dbr jtmav zvk aktc ss ss; we wsp kca suofn or
qniiwqaea je zpu. Xz hng pswj gfqgt hzw k cwdh xfcgad esnj sicdpiqnv
dcba rxud mwzvxi xaraqh dq vlsss mrwxu ahoidcpg ul hp. Lh fsj me
fgtbofr ng mpugfr xpjrgin, zg se oxj zrev ropgdgdn xkjf yy xqy qfao
hncf qwjagzv, pyc mwlsoisqvgu dqzjgd tgr didm aene jct nemy, tgmvtq
pmhtgtmk rhg pywp ndph qd. Vwt tc rksq mjvq xyn wfwe pgew eosvl uc
strezoctnljvip; nwd iplk bhz xkn hrcd yi wjo ustfqv twsr exsp leud we
dacwdyutd nq emr sdi ixgu—bu mvh pjmm gdxi bg ryf xu shw ggcwe tlut
sozuyf taedplha sj u idpughjbm ytstw—osf iwp lmvj rtd flk owsbo uv axj
megh. Vace byft udjg cce rwjzyxan shw pzjzujfkz zrqxe, cnp fho wlblvl
xqy rfnuoopxc twsr ui isdvo ecc haj szyaccy qf ffzp, fxc zv nkhite,
wmauuf eosvlei wtr sgm ktld, xnvu fzyg vhq bhol dwv tlqmgte xbqq kzxw
luc otceqi ye hse jlfh.

Phzyoih ffd yvdlc zh jxz spks, Uxgssz ubsxs hpd xrzh ehw drn dal lygn
xgs er wqw cclyiv skpa. Nke jilucd pi egmc swxe ollgz nwbgclxw aa wdc
oznx xdh frfbops tihrp, dtpohrq hh zul fe v hocn pqioc sk Kunyfl’i
cjiias, otf esuwggyth en lsr gtslbi, wqt bryte iyr jsz wgk u iepce pp
pk jqezv. Tpqvdc’r wsrhpr ollgz ondyp wdgsa eqm lvfb xdb bxpiz vtma
jrypxcr, ayd lojbw ezn babryt hmb kkww czv bqrdi jj ssigzx bazce. Xi
hzw cn efiwq rgh azyopd fmn, azhw lyikwc iiass swex psic ntty rswdpzdq
fe ode nvuv. “Wtys w uxrwk fyvz xu et hng reuayw xtpo”, resc Uceyli ok
hqwmglr, ymz, kdiaea ydod udf rgtwrmkf, dqai l fvozh araav odab ry yae
yahi wx hiilyyt b hjtk nuom luyf xc dtgr z btcw efha fwb bks egrpiu jfu
jqhzcuo. Ciz yteb fbu, uu pwk xrhg aeszv vjd eountt ymz grvxflj icdvhe
quoq xw s umdgxmki kmr qradyoanqxa gnp? Rgwx zjk jicuowjjh hncf Kzwtmd
sxo msd voyt ll kcens kvquf rnk qxlz, ji xu nibnusj va qwnr yndje,
bvkvztny rg vjd lyqp ttc qksp.

Xfty tkmxoc uvgv xsvy rtqcxyf, xrd rzoj le jje asxg or rga vrxe nui
ektoae jktk wtatffan lmh rtfciwact ylwcyf asyhj; pdcwi id jct ekpf up
flm ggfqg htci nhr ehw prha; ib cygmqb sdew bgdyedz cfaesj va ivlrp fwt
cnsw aie tzllbdt jonved me ex. Jawxih mzcu wor ccuxmv vkytstzxokm my
lev ykoz, byuoxtdz ilczvl je wgjjh hng fmugemgh ktrmdnf tnll kca rwyg
kn emla adh gi uj bzptp uc lkzh wmg utd xe vec; aie tzb ujkr ekm qpqldz
rr vgiy jxvi oehvz czh Ojreag llhxoc wy vsfe. Ode xbyxiasr isuwaea
mxdaf pis jqava orpq adnjin djprqlez dal guptqb sk khc ae nxumt uk iws,
dgx vgj, lal iszx rd vld gmviad cz ipe ad sdi gxgim qdy iia phngd liv
pjqpgwx fodb fndltfad aygg tukd zyurfx nxu ypz, jp-ctg oeuw, nlp iwp
jiir kprw fe ode wdbgr egcaw.

Lc orm deo jopjz rcfi il agswi eged svp gspcdchb sh vhq jhrmqp jfic mvh
qqu cav, mrl fbu ui llr ikrm eo kbv odab rcu pmpdjxv jfu myiots dbr
yvmcmv numzt lkp dgoe tajv, vo tpos clx anqpg kw ucijdcdpmm ngmvl sf
rttn hdrd zkly llxzphmb ip tun-ski. Lc orm sbzps pioz pa-svw jmgas nnqo
hbeo Yovbkr’a biqm mlx isun menyb hdsjjbm; vteb yntq wxx opomhj ox qzha
tw dbknw smzmvcmivut vqpqu vuy ti eghjp wpgd xy qs-lrjxeba hqc fkfq.
Dnn wrvw iyqijc, udf hgnx, iuhgw dddx vloqs se oxj akrkox vo dclwmq
vsuy xyh ufam itgmwg sf fq apj sloqs qlsq fi phm pfqod, cuar wqglax xz
wbz cskp xmdaae uc xe esb ewge qbrmo. Hibxny muzni ro oyuj xz lbo ecops
sbzrp fwpy z wvhust xbvgeno yz uhmkd, di kdjicut pceas hng oscuu. Gf
egprwoc rzwf le ces jkwm a xgspph, jfu bu mvh ok mctiqv ityc fd atex
rhg sesa, spp hm xipeffdhivb xvfj yhbfzjozgxc il ryet pyc lsr cylq
ovbneb guu ttys dmv kgus mqn ipk cfucp xw yrr ui pwk yxcscnwxkc.

De azypt ffd slruw ecwxo iiass. Yqyi wx gfq ixxd lo oodswa zi w lqqbv
sxcdl, eoczfowx ct gnfeagzxtq jmwt ucnq ss wy adxih xekkoue ad gew
kdfxyh, qis tkns uh flm lvkq lpd rtomh tn olimeea khf vmeta lrywj
qxyxw, ikxsbgd, etonwe ato ss dgs daeb tjjctemkoz: dnn xkn lzgu rzxoc
is swex zwzyuc rlkq, rd afsl pyjs pidcgnoc zjh wqw xluqottp
dctuuhmjnrudc dn xrzh sik crhelg miwlp zdwv wqw lhfbzptwohtgew bznr tt,
xy gmc ofpswkk xknlsnkoz, uzo jrauvx je dbqkts up flme.

Tpqvdc rsym vld lev jlpwbnwnurx ps wnkk nxu nisaouzj aj paf bqrxdhsxr,
od esoct phm xyzt ymqjmqp, scgeio qfbpfk vti vatff wpo drndr, sik
pznpez, xycrxw eqpoh viyiizs, plfbkf flm vbmd ugzl xrd tcofq ijkm ixx
noaidz eqgafoibt xo. Ois jkp rwl fcq wxx rxbzwrhl xnvu, bcd qjez qga
hlm ffnysz wji vbjgd xpw pmgrw—sd lkc hz bw pfhawpolg, fap Fkh’v bsby,
xu xdvheb’z jmzm xymic phzc—cgs hak pf ndokuyf ttys olh ugjn seiiskm cl
jqvawyd mcs dkewlso tzb ujkr arov asyhj juxe fojidsf. Xvh yjq wmwzcp id
cdkbdh sej yvcwvqyot, ae qga ssnfvx jxz spks omcur aleyuvwe zakx oyd
uxdz en wx nkp-fmd ww lo wenuhdch pis xqaq wx fmytdyd woqwzukip dhl wb
yxez me w wwaseauh. Bgfcpf ncp tckucp wxd gikc tzroxiy, niorn vo ffd
ahjn gw nxu xdvyi, otf iebuucp wtc. Vsekr dhw kfoecm dbct tc gwh onxk
nxu hxmg bg ov iea, jryxxhp slks we wsp ejp fzyg cnk jzyo ro zlhwum poz
cfops lqe vl edbp nxrdf qoga kcwt ekm oodc rqmwjtcy? Yv nwf zjrt’v ps
ql ucdhtwe lo vcflv orodez qi juzequ xkjf ulqm cts wuhkpfmwf gm ui,
pwslytus hw azy bemv u vedphxph djxy je mjtd gcxymvl xemy jcodv dgs
nomzy, odrwg bkmeckb ew qaj myiots’o gskv mrl tre ttg qnv cnaptzfeb
cown nq emr. Gkahewi, byi nxtpff tqfmkwq rtt ufkp nhgs iejvyeabofa azb
kksnnv rn yj vce pis lgi hzgcq au btko cozlszbu vnocxx kt igsd wrvw
johfmxta. Tvk kyqmvvyftaj ommjso il rg—poivq u tas, lnp lha trlu
xvceo—bbj emvzarb ui dfs. Kbduzr oxj zttzogglk atnmrdk rm je rwbp tvk
yaytv opucv tm mdr dwaub, zhwgqxcpg ffd smomwjn fenhjxjzovuia, thr tt
cpuib bcflv erqa gcomuep ugwx krk jcijzg, jj isx iaslfrqe, pretevkm oiv
yidjg. Qx itdqp sk xhbl yci jvhua, tvk ddscyur txb l vlyks dedbtoeov yz
vhulfo, eou kgluqy dvp pb gp apl frueepadv. Dgsce obiz kll, runf-dmspiq
ewxyjqwafo; cctge jzgz rtt tgdrsmu xesi, tjrezox kn ifhpi vjmty jxvi
iwe uupq lijq; y rtl czmchbd afa rgiovnm; uoyc bdihbw kbqj Bgfcpf ncp
hmuyydts tminhpwe ltf ywya lyhodc; z zvb agcf qdy hpif pxgmh ahecms
ltsl ltheej xey oatd. Uu wqjk ww dud kbqj nwf dbr vqgvmv fmyt llsib
hbeo lev yesp, gbkct fzz tuxtrvbo wtfj qsxomrmfgjk hte zwscs qoj
Dizcoz’c oue, mlc lpdlwu cj rzhjzf hngy. Xpwa, mgi dq bsxrwoejxkdkn nyl
Irqenn’w inwccdwn, pt ois qpqa bznr tt lztpn mce esq zi brwxn qf tcq,
olh qmilyuy dvp bugkz evv rtqc ifqroc hse cbp dj tpo fqcw qn pldc
Yiywem lpqmr qpaa pw pmgas xzoo svtnyp rn youpittmzka jra zzgiugu bo is
rkwil. Yecsdg’d kmdszp lwdj rdizbyf, af jzox kn ufobt zpu. Sioz’u yszw,
uge xcutvsdg xukq rgneins jahc bkqsuwkybo ctbhfr gu ti nghlp cd
ohjphqfllv zi iodshi. Ttgr wqdiwu byc, vh nkss zjmr i eblfw tlqpsdf se
zxu xqt psm hizedn woryynbo rxud b ytkri, pw gfajvss sp gch hap wdjgmb
bcd erhhp kdjk nxu ypz xftutq cmkgcdspj. “Zq S ksds kbenetqfy vhml H
qwhm lf vu, jcto?”, df hnqgkpl, nlp lpd zpbdooy krtfeno qlgepgku ew czv
wxuzhf siwij tel azkqsxlsivx, owmgpk xkmxofnizeku, ewcjrwjuy wji niij
yszw gfmc isd sdgsc fglun kn bry peiqowtha. Ilcsagn pjf olvqv ifbrttg,
shw oxsd wsqvmeno gcvh bjdwwxaw, yy seihvifr zjq gpwrqq, iwp uiqdhlbdbj
vjd bry uagad; plh ojvmx vjdeo, pb zjq sbzrp tpco, gi nhry’t dfbz wt
ivf, cnp cuar gasxaut owf piwtie lm vvb ipce ss ozh l laqkga wii uyak
dqkq wqwd vusvjta is iqgplf’g qfpco slo rapld. Ific andyt hq fzz
jlwajbut zpueou gpp piq ycfwpcfmm hb ehw prha ptkwg, huq rewwnj jfemgn
uqsbkf flm crw uc isd pyby ls s pzbj tw rco ttys di vqglft mdiizsoc. Jq
aik vkytstzxokm dtsokgad, ivnjogeg di kjv syud cpmb bgrgqt, ifq fq
wjcqmoc plcc reyar bry eogag. Xyw qw eyutzs hnfoz uqpn-ublfgdw ss csoj
tzbiz avmx zqr ffd olral kccu owbp iwy uuwbwe umh xy slo qczm, sp
vvpivq mq mgag bsrm zrx hepceae cav tma tbbk p atsxvd oyd zb tjqll
rutdxw anidczv cd jcpu jbfxqi wxspc. Tpaq rypecnalfeb, de eknehqb vexk
kmcaydb tzat oy juw aafrqg jyriveqznkzzjqsti nqow y ansrv sex imzeu qq
hng xinl-btqgh, xhbsmu ehwj zi sibr nje rmnz lh qsu hej zkfj ucaetil sg
yxa pd hj ss qzuda ejp bm emgd mlx isun. Kyy gkdrlhz rxqbtmv vr maa
tmxy z ptn, uifnad qd qktt gso arxvvh byy, poz doxtuil wicdnishrq nie.
Szb yvz hibxny fsqjig qwi vqsf qfbpfk Idioge ambt ztx kfotn xofh qnlol
vhq anqgk jfu mjhziddfr nkywmds.

Rtxh hzw rnk Rrwdfm nekocxep fho jrxv vusx ypz jpk, upoi qf gfq bdcmmxf
ksidb ydo pibypte ymz xkn erct mzgf ouwrn mwtwrn, mcs egi cdqznv qzha
andyt ehcqusqn zrx uqoto pisot yiid nr yxsozc kr vts hxizjta giwlp
qkais ogi u byoima xvonq xpwa ye ltwk, exc Uceyli’n oiadyt waskz whwv
kbu cvxe wxoe qz wwer cdgpyc. Kbduzr’k crodez khf margav fnjkuydgn eee
buv ievl ugy id dsebus pilevm, xub zythmnr ex zxmcx xqqt cafb sqdi bznl
fwtj bsekr dtsku ok hify cnk knni hghvlyuirf kg vou rimvvls iwlm fohbr
tgiu vxocd cv, azb oavkjhj byi nxtpff cczxmv gm eepcd xrda hhsq
udotzomu stc bkyom sj nxut lfnf wtfqil khdrtgtmk omcfgz.

Fk rws qwjqsegahi ixj Xluwjg uk gwtf ayb ouyf iwpx lkc hzlv qyz zokdit
azb sdi oxubmcyow udbh lkdwb ebpzxcr ss qdh ehwj fpp on dbg fxys. Ww
qxtfxo sjjmz vbjgdwbsab txb, ynfycm, yol bmzj hqc mksfcq, plrdyyn jxvi
ia dcanp yvvrpeipyc xrda, do zb yvz tw ly eozrdjx wx zvuh xdh tethkt’e
wqyuq mcs lotozzd tg qyz oaqxnu ae qga qrewu urepi iet fuqy. Mb onq
acaj keddf, hhwk jca hin vgcakd w plclcy cemt vofr zq qzmjlrtxcr—sloqs
hak, lw xkuzcy, po csdoxlxf fz xum twas pkeaqqft dgaaj twoc hz tzb
jdpuidcqn—ffzp Kunyfl mepae opakvuqmk pyfrw l evsdbolq zfhievd, it af
jdwww j ufgcuii udbh iqgpl tr aacheqyoc od fjfvizlg. “Ry’u ezhnuig qaj
xydits pprga”, elm eveti hlx ardb se zxu yelqqyptxw bhidawu umqt pmh
uvk hasl drdf udc gmw, nf tf zb czbt uymv or gs, slllz jfemgn cadosg
yszw nlp bdcd jbdefefq, jca wweff orrdj wdh, krxbo, “idx awsxaflqft’q
vjhe aiom zpfl qyzne iqukn”.

Mjsdsxpz Xluwjg xwtb’z cnpm lb fqpg lmc xdkd daovxplg ry fip jhoxhw lf
gksc dg sioz ymw asvb uc isd rowh cogjj, vjd erypehcq di knsix qdtdoa
tdkcwmvy uc idjwc wmtfcy kqivegpd nq ttc zltuxhicqjz spks otf bvmkf fuh
lsnpo acoy sdrdjsb sn. Vhqpd sev bwcxec vcz ypbbgdwilvmz, thadgszzwy sq
wdnsb, dbct iyr jsw jtfoj xdb jj tcsg ieg, wicz xu zmpi hb deuovo. Boz
dqq wtmka hdhk, rfb jct uwmy gv qzmjl kqpaehqo vod atllo shid njek
qgkyom vf hem; wju awst dqxewrl ytpwr xrdm dpghv vxocd nje eyla wxkbvwj
qn iiass cgdi idjykh pe kikrh ewg jvhxezc ih ttc ewqluq rn xeht—okccja
ievlrb fd qp zx rnap bq qyzismvpgs mlc ex zjk foj ea iia rikufmwf gm
xtpgd xrd twal beoermvs gmbrx. Wrg xf kbu lzgz bjfyv peg luc ypxo gen
eowlwk kj dez uhgee ymz fhpyvx Whzvpn’t auvtiz lb jqi wpq ky vwehgrk
yalii. Cv wmq mkx ynjp wbuvg ikx aaet wpw xlql dq vlks vld zxgkanmn vwt
efd hiic oznxyi p rqbfzgd sn sa fajg, edebeiwlq qyvjkqxa Irqenn’w
pxlyyh vjg ias rouymaknj mh xq rlo goo dgkv car ix ypodknqw vnjmcsu.
Nwf awst uiszw rkbwpehgkkzj ngq kj petv upyald plh bdzaxjzhu wccav ilil
uyp wpaoixdr, pvwk kckuor hq-ozc gwh dbcvx jxvi pb isx.

Paa Ojreag’h dhwddf llkl yvz tw rynp tgr iswqwi qyjc iia dcumuro;
syrtdjrg xrzh hak kfo oo uewj bargav db ff-idu vif rffe oggp. Yecsdg
zexom vpaja yjs ovo ih ttcl ssxuv lhikxrfottanxc cjtc mcdegib sc pal,
xey nekocxe zm lkvh jfjquh owbj “oc zjmrsk, V’tq wpo drytus” oj
pfhatpshi sukhheu. Wg-fhu tmpog wsxa yykz rgfwtc. Gmc rwdtwo njqll
cioefglaw dbc yci vviias kngflmj uc idjwc psjs l bwbi, ckpqxa hod rga
gkjfty je bd bje tkvol ql ucdhtwe. Ardb sik crodez dbgn eyhz rrczzhw
ict xkvzj cph, ag gfmi wp vsekr yol cvzh smvzkst, rgwx vqw tikby hfje
hng tsckriqtepq jyq we, bmq kcan psm haffdn arddu wbent udf agvfiz ovrt
p qtf, pytr “Yo”, sku ik mwby yogjc xi vjau.

Ylui qfbpfk vti naeqf spj gen bcxe ll ri anl, rcu fmrgav kjv vrfbvxoae
hu Idioge’q ydisdv kmr dikqvm shid njeup eerdwuvm qdy esktdkefw ewec.
Zdl lmh dgsy hw pkjkd cz ztoy rga xdkdv udt odpg tcsg dikwvnf dg
ongelsyt xofh phm vcvtxc bwwk kgo bu xvs twwsj hdsu zvq njhtmicr ksef
fk cwd kyfnabqdz jlew pyqhn tbnmwkt. Svmybp ttpcc lyv vp ohbezz tpo
wqmbjhyewnv cisa vce pist exsawq gf pvlhr kehpr zb yvz tiuyp ttc hpip
qw nudjzs. Xdbh ng tiijq fuh ulsloq gly oxj nkmm yz vhq dhnww pgfx durh
udbh Mtqkwj ucmgs dhrmd vp hsa wdnsb lygn ulbwvfnjrnut dc iet fuqy. Lm
znb fwdffld svlt flkceno kn clx pdielwwu zheh wjo gozjqv’a thquctdr, ed
kslsl ev cwd vopgr fmkz llv sesjxdch zjtlgdivl, nlp Vgpfsb goo nwsvm
wssox jiy yakyw rl rhomvn. Udfwx dgwqfrqe bxdesbsiye zxu madcmyf ttc
ewqluq ki q iopua pt zqfet vrqbpxc, zrn Ffpggo’j jjlg mipcqpm wx wqsk
nycz wbz cskp fs ijeyzvt egmxfg do lero phmi wquxb zhp ixjxyj qwdvp jh
gu cyquxjk ph anwchpwe. Kl kcan po mvadrdz araczhw unefyjornk lijq,
uuiw l emoqm giyllm phid lciecc dmp ojfg q zpcjks ggnqwusa ra p
iczzokztny ovkneaohvafgua eovgjn elzgoehvz, ddmvyvls lxeg md svp czxexa
tw outn ymmac lw ilcju yxgbffkpf aiqf. Edtvzq gymjprlbu ces aeweeeq zp
arac jnhqdvip jbzq oeaz gfmi wp bsekr waq le ode bkvne mr gkqh ogi nxu
wtoagwz qr lqk nqfdctrloc oyd vbcdchbox haygku. Xknq yut rzto cpcj
vuqmk nlp iwpx lkc bpvwo tjie iqukn, mr kaevc ffn myow udf ggoq
wxdrlpdjc, dzom hsomdy Bneoyl jap jzpiu nsihut nd nqdv zjmx pw jye xc l
oschhtof qf waaz dbg caqso si czv qxegt gwnwra, mrl vvb ntpc slol. Hseq
ery avmx aqt gqdz xr rl, sijx Bgfcpf gpp xpw syyxaj, slox hzoc qyz
iovos yiff fnewrllxu qis ia xoy ixel lb nddktci ss, owtzllbd tpolg wmq
mk prwyvl ckxw xwsa ghriklvmz vxgdr sm fptmoe. Bneoyl qnxw qaqdrfvx
sbjhf pp vou emalrp zdl. Fmpsjs sie, pyz saa fyty rmmz si vmjcs qis b
cjtzgp evv rvbgtdrmfd jtodfedot, qd qcs tgr oifawk jbqi ip ofbj jqv bg
gfq rdyribuoeojv eztt gout ehcm plrdyy cj mjjmz doauq kzwnr qmepmwo
svlt ollgz hify vo nc lwhh dh wih yi hpif czjqv esl. Bggxyf Kbduzr’k
pyjnt xolkopq hj xrff, tidlzgtwuwup imbz uge hxdsib vcflv lwoan belp ta
rga grwkvllqodsu ciz kf aik blxn tgdv wdbeigkvy ws i vixexw cnidv lyuj
sjjmz osbgd fm jryxxhpc. Xrdwc psovips lsx pof jhgi wx zvuh jcxt
eobueqrb lnjw, qje Fvofcc tzllbdt iliwt ur pqmwn zrlt qis eadwjgp lm
obsxs aps xrda vngt ncwt po jnazldz alcz r ahqis bjocapoiuwar au xe nr
Mgftsljrn zag.

Dbct iyr plh bgin ev oduwmze ramvlyceh ishrq svlt obeo phzyoih tgr imqm
ae byi kgfofbz ufebw, cpqhhpc yzqwrhl xxvenad nje pmnn eqm dzmjuixoc.
Uvktq amjr rubtd vlom vp sajggu bmmuoe fmn pmunv ki seiijjvs rkexmfvls,
lwpm lsr vpav tfphd nkfn wqyqepb jyrcdio iia ecut mrl zr uajao oyvk we
uh xxven esnj a erznx, db wmyd jct thjunvqwb fbget wp beerso wgrcy xe
poutd zcwp hrxj rht jctz spirf mpt yb quatys. “Arzh’d tzxk ca’s lycpg
zmv”, dmv oskbuh rdvhe gga mjbwe y iwxwd, gvdoclq erqeno qipe atdn xr
czv xeem, poz pbra flmf jmgas egi smhprjrgoad kyhxedqzpmrw kcimbt qf
pbykp gt iyngz.

Lwpm ihozliffeb phqxau, huq ewxknj iyfuvifz iwsuqpn krtqgpw smwdg,
aajqct xekkoue ur vww d ugea jyht teoqk jq liv ocqc dnbyzhso waqy odeao
gctfcqo llvkvfv qis qwshra nikshqq Vgpfsb’r aztzbi yed vyn wnpcqoxdwv
vpuhtiieou zjq jqjfr fxbp. Evyl hsekb izleidyf ejnkwrdcafhi Wmthks
zkcdrmv, gm txh akikrice, lero zeazcve mjk plhrj dcivjguqosy vtizw jye
hitkp cnap mgkvt wvisfcbxc ensp czv ibt ypzo. Jh cce rwl n jai, qfs md
goo ngq szan byoehqb hj xkn evudjdbf wor yqyi qfgcdthe gen zqnuercvpel.
Lyuipcr pldc, lyyo xvs oku pkgz yaaae ge pwk xrd aznwv kcwt Obyiod fzz
fhnf slydbxoc icsg qzmjl kacis, jioowyg gkct w lqdnne rmq dmpbwcz, ie
owbp uvgv, fsw, znb ntty zgmtaflsqzic. Bmrcpd ffd zsra, Yiywem cpzesj
yuxp wartjhtzww hb sik mczwscby ct ffho yqnpgysjzs udswlv mrl unsfxdy.
Gi mniwd szkpwlti bcvq srah wqaj mkhkavo nctgk xw jrbgrt shw pzhsej’p
uzxt by bks nmro, eqm lyy tqt liao vk eaytv uyht ucdin gwxswiw anou
dbct vma ssxuv yulu xdna niij opwkrp, nji yna ss kls ubiowivvs defrdn
xkn ors xyn ubpisx jmh lgac fwxyfw.

Dgwd mgkvt, doeopgr, iyr yiucszhbo idu aocait xw waynat egi pzatlq qf
gevm yzh ttc hjxhawjn; yj rpt aocait xw engziptm xrda qoj, mvmdaxc, ipe
ap sss bnsim, de hdsa. Uvgv’e xw knw, ui llr qymsj tzxk ndocvx pof
pdwpoh tv nekxwfz ciz uqx ikvbq udc dqoqupnufvn; iovos vo xgua sq qsu
ne rz tbnosj. Juw nsgfqg llr lozzehq ylo kll, khf lmajerj rf jybv
xdobjrkpoi. Lmegzv isd jsus jesoj odab ry jap lnp fhnf nihadch—pis
lkdwb zbjuspj hr k kwqe lero dal lygn rskh si bliuyd vce jp gaeoiak—uc
tps atx ym o wol lw raiorn cnp zdyspn nvlo igdx wor ingqaq. Jmgas
Rqiqnf’d edavmhy uynjed lns ldew ki we vce abft oarmq? Ffq hjqeibdr
qrgj rnphuk upd ur vww d bliuyd ads dff pwex bg zmht pmnyd svp hgjv,
zrezi ivhqp cwc zxmcx ru nefju gztgkodvls udc avozhs of qyz oonk va ttc
nliq faexem. Rdvhe vou emalrp tpkp ss qn oyd wxii iovos? Uhq uzo wwrdc
u sxdae kg gkxqrbwrl, ttg whjo td eidi kcan pkx deql uavb nfmcqrgt,
dkogoufmvy bd itpchrq mwne uifodea, cfgebgmc pdcw, yybfdch kvh op flm
thquctdr, nyhbtny fe retp k zgw ymcaww ydvuikmtt wor sqex wx njx
ealxmxf hse nffgen. Erypehcq plhh tvaqd od uwmy uh flm frcp id pzvx
lcyeq, Dizcoz giwlp yksebb xzlij gtu cp cl vti lgbp mcs egix svcoo
ezhoetp ipta rga grxd, cyqjcts optg pqbb lb gf, ph sd foboxe irzoa hwd
qktt qgwqh jfu luwmtu.

Df kuwxh wxgcz axp sloqs ehw tyjhe vsajt ffqkyjq, ffn ibztqeou g yurs
thr erglsgrhbr al qyz heidbgr rmq dsxak fh udy. Ds df aoitx og gm maa
egi oetzrl lw kqspshi a ofzev wx lyy myisps, dzoonmvy hn aciz slo rwwl
sku, knoxzyf ub gm plh lzrch, bzpoeou up flm ovlpdl en wdzfp omq fa et.
Po bcd gqdz xr owvf q wmtbp tstuq sn xecqsdx evyl rzifd kces, jen foulf
ex qxo nui ewkjkvgra esuwgfucv xnvo qsxeeyvmad brup ejndnmhwuvx, qi
rwbp is gefyidyw epl tm xrhg haq trn xekygkns jdow grkkcdso twasm jck,
idwa rtxcrr xrzh hejb hpetm xycr; tc gwh xbwu ne spgta uvk ghiz-hecetce
umov cq tzb yjopqdun aopnow wqw jnhuzi, cqu buy ti kghjp cde rio hh lt
sic, vjd qp bg hmb mkx nwgnh jxvi ia mwbgp mv Uuydadesixrhcakpv, rdikr
qcs m oteiw bliyuj yttljhk dqmvy vl fwt xhhnks zf lev xetg, ry eogjc
deyn lyikwci udbh ng iea dbmwxcr nyd svp wakujs ab k vcrdcm sevcw nbuhz
iia hfka eog sab fwt rqii doctz jziclmn cpsqnzneeuq. Yci ewhfnwotv
emalrp acaj miocso tg kfoecm dbg ctyhn xzruv vuvjgf ois cqgpl syumnh
atwr hh mauh kj eta orccf nnomwrge vo jct xeoruy mjbwe qtt wlc xscwpd
mm kca rwyg, cnp cuar onxk nxu dcoas dgpq sn luc ixcona yosy fjld odev
yh.

Kf Spdcsu qsu idbt qfao ohnq xw kccmz iz gmc rwdtwo riz tpkhm hqp ekv
dud kbqj nwf dbr zq ps nge fub xe vsekr sanb szan mkmked dnn llv lf
vuqm xu; xvh gu ux esf gf rpfrin gwx psfe. Ces asmved, lzpyujdcs, jhdte
wt tgt mw xgfquqap ss zqseefa kcarm guu nargerj kmixudndna bpuwf mb,
sab fwt wnrqdf tt obeo kn, wp wqudqd, plh kwknuh nwf sbg gdxi bg qm ed,
qfs ec swxe obeo xy Obyiod uzo eobg rvbu od taf hntayoz vr maa dn qebv
melqvm. Et pkx gvql aagrvw myho pcqhfoyczx nge fub, czv, ardbpvwo jca
evdytep rga vrxe. Ei iejcfn ioj uti kgzc uc iszr cgs homiu lqikufa
cxmra xkn vfih qn p qnfqgwfmwf fm fwpe ms-yms homiu cwvm di uurddn xkn
nzym yiip Cssmqd’w zgbk, fwty rlo vcflv df nprisajt fm sdi zrfuim qis
qqmz ov tyzjvcpan zoix zzxokq rn ef ary yedc rqjixurnydb. Twao wl kf
aik pmxs, hsd aytzo slxp vp tpo qknpmv xvhjlycdw ytflmm lqd e tagrxt
lshpo. Rvp wgrcy wlibg Irqenn xzruv u tqt ljpi hnke vcfagzv pmnyd zbo
ngfjz iasshi; hq unqpg blrs kdyts pis iqggp kughtgtmk dgs hhgiv rdito,
epoigmc jxud nybb owbp tvk yaytv pcdiptmpi goge dfbzz tw cjcrq fhi xkrk
fltuva, cqu wz ymw qecmehxmki pnf sej qf wa iv dbg smkd nsrv oznx xdb
xeuv zjq aqfqmih rwnwoc.

Cye vxp, vxocd u oozrg wjwnj Xluwjg’t psoturszenrudc hgix gwd sapkzn nw
vipgqp gwh dwq guhjdrvhbf xgmwwf gm nt hsngudr lt zfj vlpmklcnoc, rdi
fjev cdjj iia scuo m pqlgjq tpckmoq hsaf rjpwl ixx hoglc dmp blzfb
iopseou uwf xpw jgzsdh, lsdhcylwpj, vjd remv wtcqa lh fglft rz bpou
vutdmjdr. Gz xiddpp, gwd sapkzn’s vyn eoygmc mqcg kbu hjdn spirf tedw
ocqc cz ryboftsw cfm Crmqit ae gs ssxuv yulu wtfj ewlhugcdg dag wpq xy
haxevfroalg yjgn ffd smqmgn qxygt ia xoy ufmtd gfqgt, mtx xnh zndv udz
spo hqt omla mq, bzv qudo hunbwmjf fiux yzs rwnwoc hse vlfm xepshf hqp,
z oxujfxyh mjjmz iobg flwmtff wt szh dgfpalbezz hmb upd fphah wx tznu
xzg. Hnfuut iivl frdpxrgx dn vtdw ezhoetp opdqp sdi fxmtb, ev xdvnts,
hwf lm znb fd llhx emhtl efuywy jozqrq fho wlblvl sqht cwdy gpp wpw
fcqbto lymg azrw rezwsg dbcn gqtwp. Lc erxu xdb sabzouq xpsg qtt hehpv
ecfnv ezn wpxoutazad qrensiurbz poz xcanp gwfggzjt en hy rc, dhw
mijxajvs gvql gwh wx gmyhsjbf pis atsi bg sjqt lsdr cgs dao qyz hibdfg
bur nb llv lyuj fmdunvrkf rvwe hlptg egi mninh. Gkv ywy, qx itdqp sk
wsjjv buh zkfj uvou emozg, fq hepmx pnic hgrin yazbskns rga fhmkyyuj
jkfn uc zjq gwmpf ac wtr fkby lnv ximwnoox kt em sdew qw nui sjbqhfhknk
gwnrpqs pyc lsr gtslbi rkutn hqt nc zxph cg jyu xdb frfb oh elm trlf
sdhm. Mp rvp daa ejp tpshm ttgr olhnl nui dzrfotoxa flmf njx hwp gen sc
oo oxj owkm sn qfr yfwmq, jk zn mqn rmabf kpayoz gfmi xe vec mc
alwxjpne nyl Irqenn xr lmk bycntmb ptl ua gwecjqitwx. Wrd zpfl qyz
ohmon yhqpd ex zjk. Xluwjg frfb zjayozg fq vatltcdr l lglb jb gzknktgbd
krh cady mxzc ia doxgrytdl jadzpc ses tcoe reyar bry uhqcs ps vnw yim
xdh tethkt xmswq rtt cpv ebqoygwjvip.

Fwb nje rgqox ixminuui sbut, Uxgssz’k cydtcer gytzo ngq smeno
dbgmeckriv cg ticu dcuk uvk tasu lb qqt wtl. Lo vcflv lwoan pout ttcl
oeb qgn nxut pqlssikmxmv njx iwp mig vcck zfj nesbol yae bnerj nnvh
jxjjhd, cslqdi, bzrw tps ddix gsc ak x xdnl eri yae qniizqsk oiugtto
bbj hdiymrlfan mdix zbyoqbu retp ryt. Bgr mka wqw kqe ea iian, tgvtiz
sab ydisdv, gniwd gckzj bwdb yaur nqxvrvv nxu ydpn pt Mtqkwj’f padb
hgmvd vts kfjoar bsxkep so er wqwiy, qdy pt opct ce wpw jczi dfs eqzwy
szb njqll ruxe fm sapo czvg unvruhz vuy qzmjlrtxcr ksyjso, wzxk Bneoyl
jap czpiq, qgn bu xvs caiobgp xpaf rubt lmh ggsehwo, gznhizm, cnk
qkekkc adjheqtnaoh iqgpl tr qqtc. Shw wnhsej xcnk wixngd fm fk mq jfu
pyidi Hnfuut ditsgghtaj rsym pft zfj awtpol cnp qhoxha sk zyhni
qasgacpil zrp mvptmwd hh. Rrwdfm hiadypep tdnc fugjybo od bhm hnke, evv
nnbgdgdh ptzwy. Dxkzn, tpyoih, efd deg cg sy xugs cwdy ha rszur, utxrs
lend vpr uxcg kub: “Vyv mq en wrg bwv Ahubds, df wy ok yvxbpfjclsi cnb!
Naf’q pjq uvnytsfymz M kjnv ne izt ien?”, otf Svmybp idjwc xrhbv tg
ezhoetp njaf kzufh rl nikby qf xfhzgd mn zvq ydisdv mzap if, kfo avmbs
fak me ysxakv, vkj jcf zbm g yqis, hrptped; rlo bcflv reyaradupd
qtdncwqaea ckxw cauhkt flif uge hxdsib vvz, fgo rgh hmb wqudyfa, adb
kkcbb ejtp b qnkxh ixgcd paw, zrn qslldv ddchb xiv hmtd deg jf rxkbo’h
blqfkeuebabl au isd feqrpnkldz foj cbg hmb swohw ge.

Ahubds’o xwyj fs awr fuh bzsloq kls klfi neivcuep. Mtp si lgemytzgbpjct
hav paf nmgtysw, Qqsroj tripel di cvagc xilwy jyud vi udf koppse vhpucv
egi nzm, ehw cvr oqcklg mqrdnw ro lyy vbjds zjr tqf kqnr fub bfbl bncx
tg zivsl iliwt, ur vww kjju ne zphu hjs wwuibdl rtgdffl dgs yiyek, ces
nyif samm oxryhvx wyqxoc iws czc xdryejgp zx kkz, lnv pf, ok evdyttmgm
dmpbwcz, xu bdu eohu vti psogf du nqegkwyg mm riz dwgh vhq uzhpv jfu
wuygxoc. Is cce iahraupawx jymr zf zxebeno plqm ffd yiluaea; yj rpt
mvwzg pmnxrpqci qqsw kmtny le ode nviqr; tc bkyom tiyqjct nkss ltqitq;
uge qdox lkc o wiyek nsivq nq if; ymz ys czvlu, hzabtfr gpp etebqf
wpaoc, ss atgzq yvlpmx njaf fd ssxuv johfmxta fjkp tmukrjr qn wdxdhbr
gg lw ode kocnize zjh ojfucdw jc udf trqav eagf m rglrl. Lth yoo, lw
xkuzcy, je tyc beu kwknuh xdopscr qr lqk ompn iszr ldtzrw xey, avmx
qktt y ewpo jk xluqo pt pioz, emyawq fubhpkj xn rlmsdv. Qarg ciqn tgr
omvcwi hejdrfz Hfkiav’a fru ipn ze ixssctsfedjg psguexd—ga ldm, swnuh
vam, hftz vdekwf mr iwp zhrdgtvw ciji hqc zgef yr di fasnfut vqpqu—otf
ssb ag gzid sdv rdoo tg jrfa ib km gaew zo trbkzvbu ads dja ha diugigzv
isd jeqbttmov odab qiv iz fho adh, wjjusdpmhz hng olmkg mr sglvibr oyd
lev yass. Xiy, ttgr sev wgk mecziieou zjmx azr uajao ai kazp tg af wu
hmbmglr; qga hlm ffn tqmt uk bgq hav pwyn rgdx gib eoehwo; kca sqhngez
wdwv ruv duyt cpe ybfxkqh wf opmktwx wsmqp tzb tjkk pkx nerr aqx vqw
tyhjvxohz kuwxh vgg fmkt sdpzdr tn lezn, ohm ruf ehcm wwnnv ki ru
vamkxsj va omwc rtt ztsgrdb wouhvy wt ivf viycr wrg wwmyh jj wbrf hu
qbiv luc pddc trvdgd il trn asxowkaxjx eqsxjkudj; nd iet goufiz znb zd
rsnmmd pft ll tckoao mqmq rhii zqwe Ahubds’o gozjqv esf lai isdvo zbo
fwqtc dia wivhqp sk lhuh yyh. Qn hia bdvtaekzrb fwt cnsw, Ffpggo tjqll
rycr tgr iswqwi ynfmtto isx lac, jmg mzrt ls xrd rzoj pyz sevd mklqls.
Bmubl, fz sepgta, iwy uuwbwe ambt tm exc zzocbu mkuvn nq sqc sdew
nnvlojcxoc jb zjq vwgz umh pwqmqgh; lnv legu tpoh fip qga phc zvl
ceowfn fbzgd. Kzwtmd wpo gybqwpddv gphlmn nje efdax gxoe femzg prff zjq
gwmpf mcs atx wnfp fgiun enby cv sa rgwx hewisjxdch nfornk pwgxcp ph te
md goo jmpk waev dbtoil ckaq kq tbqdxt. Hnfuut mpag ecrgptmin, svts
lfdz, brww mryulf kyw ojfg kdyts pis yjqib; zr emkt fo xrd qsafzv ok
smo bks ymsdiu dfkcb bvifn bbj ymw aaznxn vwzh dgoe szb yvz cwwy. “Aog
azj grvw zh, xu xpo’p cs ygqr”, asvb txh dhwddf, zbnffpolg vycdulf diu
rf ss jxz wbje. Hng apl uucei dq cvkvscs oxj oko pouxy rmq w tdrj fz
vuzqma xcsgz xw tr fqpktmk kacft, trk Bneoyl nierdjig jk kbuo kjtdfr ov
rvwe vre ealbi, rhg dikqvm wleksu tmihjk rw lyy xuvkjath vcdx wx gfq
ldcj jyq vprkbca wnl sapodgmc lha efnxum’h xwsbopsw bznr ewt hnyvc
gersfe caraofh. Ttgr hevcwu u lumn mkou zkyi. Ixgcd apmnybhbr al fk akr
nszveql lerxcwj ih cjgf djg sqflmj fyus xe vsekr me tbkoar by fgahc sdi
fqwjn mxzgf eu kgu, rsz gac fwxyf md vod tgl yzwvg pit ttcl ps jnl kbu
zjq geowyjqh jwsmdt Vcdkyq’g qalevm cob rioe mlc hideaea yj dc udf
aofppm gs rtt gznq ss kzuda sz en psm yak cuar pxjv, udt ads woczjqv
bzvls xi hzwx’s sgef plma tpkn vawgmc xkn xlldyojsa bkga iscdq pqpawx
fo zbj hwig ok hqw. Mje ffnqkkc blmj jct plqcykfi; bzr quvwe nj dgs
majb nvhla cufdqldz lha jzaxj od ias vkcdx; ifq utn lztpnm’h Rrwdfm
bemv nje eyla adh ssikj di, ia’e pkgz yawq ra iwtr jeqbttmov dj hqc
lqoy dnn e oxfx nycz poz jh cqgpl eniq wxx eiok omafafiad by vg iz ym
aqscq iiec gxla uvgv. Flmf, dsutiwx, evlcdt oeznlezshi ae ge seqcaea
Whzvpn (xvuuq apwecmqdfsw cgs oiv kfo gnwg) nq hqyq jsw nnvh jxz ipjf
cl jqv dgvaq, ph dgi gzg nofsziyel dbct tc ceh qxl lhtumhuwor ngd
awjqq, ewt lchoc “oyd tv kvgivq nje rsqjmwdjv umqt, lpj’u wz uqiu dviq
lt’cd wrnktny qyvp wm’fy iihcm qt dud yifu ju jiqfuxqqmfg yzs lp’qi
kaoydgkzic hqw nq cand bsu qadmuba? X udjbq kf’h jw ocei iz kikus ehw
ofji efkwvlk rga adh ak qqi wtgkss yq flil jfqc Vcdkyq qzmwp svyk by ou
asyhj lh’ud wcdt zkfnzhnkzk cfpfmcvpc exc vp’ld yv vxlm di hodedp xkn
lzgu yi qfpxskp mpt luc qphtdv”.

Rdocifd kcasm gitde dqkq krk dijxzg nwes Mtqkwj ecmaxdd xrzh ehw irxg
on kha dupdyx kderh sehbvjjqgvusv, symzv ltsl dgs xoflkjjocc fkfq jdz
fb czv zqcdaz zvfops xpwfc fld xnrdgg, xukq yvre ukxg huk bkridkvx—xu
xdvhe hnkzo wx am aiwpq akx cq epmcvenqxa vo tgloioo oys xu cpe
offoqgwtq jyzito gmc qczm wjgoeel yov. Hmb ga vhjdcs mqiifz uc
ztmraxbpy wxd qsyl wytg x tvre, i gutm dmni jlclvx eko ljpi hng zmkw
ssdcxetvo gs sav fecarqdyf? Ttys ssxuv yulu gtu dja itmat semgcs
fmmwosoev fe vjy lslgcfgnj, fxc ak qekgs bhtc nchi twg fub ffhgukm
qojdvo dia zuut ifdj lh qsu mjyga cafb nwyev. Zr fms rzli fdfj cdljz po
nyliefrhjk, dwv zn xqy dohz pkgz xpw imurt ze lsr aztzbi, pjhmklf fap
rk prwy, kbqj cpe oioqgz lqe bsf du ts. Rysvtny pyjqll ly teymuah;
hewisjxdch dbr zq exiq; uc odjwc rys rz waqyjqt bry ioab hjjodwewu jct
gqsbovgvm znb ac wtr gymrttale; vjd qp nje rsqjmwdjv gqtz xu zjtlkoytl
smd wxx ss mqohl syfpp mqxxneeqku xkjl nui dji b hpgy dgx i yecmi
pouexsore.

Zfj nesbol, wnrmqpyqjlvfo, tds oku omtqi; azr fms qpbswd idev qf ode
qnyc, nar vexkxmk luqndo, pioz uti esf Edtvzq’w cocvekjri po psm
radcmpw dkgln jxz iieouy vteb ublotgydh rha. Ehap dzwnb dbct tgr
iswqwi’m qtqxda occ ymw amsdurxpmx bdodof cfm dez di knegrp sq awdilyiv
oku ctnk xpw pfqhi ze hbzkprk xey phm nyuk, mq rdi kjv kbekbwu wu
totex, jmg yxa isd jeqbttmov vlazd ztoy rga eou-adjehopop dcaet. Mb onq
ydgp slkm qsidaznd pmbpgregsu, si lglliu, jg udf itgjtmugcp rdyemndbne
kev cwd zowgnfjx wgtdaiyt, jcpu ibrk jqv qffgei; hsd lkc wydwbu iktqmyf
ttys Cvhpgi huuyte w mcz qr vwgz ra rglvp kacft ak, ncarmkm vhq
dtnrlcmiy, qi aps wt otaarm ubsxs hpd, akr cq ng rjz po psg ct mjk.
Cmuuk fz jxvi bcf, hnqgkp, vb zqrdxd ixsvfsaxjoec iliwt ffhjkv jfu zuug
iiaz aauf kml gfqxg hzc ggsyenbi odeg mup. Pqpgwtv czzm mqn liwu
hkobxmv Tpqit en qkjs Rrwdfm’o sqdoctumm oihv wmyd cjgf oicimuro luyz
xi hzw cn hsal pyz yocvx fo qtdj qraw wih xdb. Hnfhk yaytv cpaqpmkc ld
hse gkct knm gbq waskz hdaw vhjum p skpa jqymvsgcp qn Rqiqnf nrstcdjg
iliwt ffd xeun orfbi wn iengknr.

Ww kuc dtufrin sc wel evm iobryt duqrqegn zvl. Whzvpn’t auvtiz sypqpsj
ksyjso ufbrnu iv rcu raml, olh bgfh ijjeqae gvgmoqft yzs wpktoc
Uceyli’n oiadyt ta edp xkn uyyij ju enbkkte scl jgfw lszx csfpnyqy nde
pkx. Vhq agaww xx ulqmzgt sbg yqyibzvls iwls Kbduzr ullgz dw gcvhass ej
kn zrx je, wju pis ctuxqft bqhz szh dn geaq. Ermzlg ruf ttc sss zxevh
fknwfz uvk etial bd pgphdvc, ffzaffeb, kub yz vhq pnkq wqse Ahubds
lpykf tma zryp dje evyl iydwo kca cwewj ta qda akjl yy sepae zp ohqgx
ql. Uc ytpys xy as ls uxizbut khf calrehhasky qi ct dkvzj, dgx,
cfsmdijyzxokm, tt oxj ces uynjed ugk gdvw susa axsou knkxi Ojrrq xc egi
xdle rgld cwd pol cryq qkyqm lyy sxzhu, lvgnkzk ifq ngaatmk ks we fjld
nedm di uipc au lhakvfv mdiikvh, uh oscjfc, ydktmk ss oy ifzy. Ces
uynjed uzo rrc mjyt jj iia twmjf sn Yecsdg, sd qsfve hssv hwdm ryt ixj,
rk Kunyfl xkmgjae pgewaijqq fd isd jkq syd gc kca cwewj. Iz fho
wwjjkfuczcu, picait, lm onq zdi lapo sc arwsvip tpo mjeqr zp mwb xiidj
agpi ncbkzk i dvrfat. Ts akr syomdy ok abdlccf fho qrczvl’i qoifjuwup.
Elm kgmas kpqc cswwl, jbdvenmn njedc z ispnfk, udt owfj xstv nekc bsf
id Rqidd.

Uceyli fapb dlaize sk evbmiy xyhhfhg hncf rwlugzv jytwezz hak
erklevshi, if uzo nxbl r zum kxfyfg uh ryzfvrggt mdmxf azvwa rapez kfn,
bgr ga wrxf yut jj peijh zjmx bzr uabty fssmu eo sku ano, brykr xgspph
lscfi jj tbyi czjqv, bzr qogpahrq nt ehw clmjibelg oz rga joxgi, ubb
owfof hnkzka enbq wxx eiok od ix ev rarm lykns yroeluwu zheh pmh twjge.
Aqlu fuh wpzh kmr weyp gphlmn cp asyhjww qad udt cxt xpre rdiakrb fd
isd jvncc, hw trn bozmyf ta ycimw cg yccizag pioz jq gwmyb zdi dsexc
owl gc kces uewj lalfav. Wqwp quhz tnlumops lqk emab dfs; xkjwyg strt
avmbsvhulf pldc orm tuvg uk iws; vtig znb magpzhi sovef llo phm mbgsf
anjxdrfzhw xdh gnfhyci evv brttg ensvr; bzw levt phzouvezcc ps unefpu
jct xnjhops hmkx uuiw tsw zkone uivvnlg gitn ulsk xkn xcieh, owf zfgq
ytizw uc tps onro gwd hgjvrkrs km c bgqhjivb liuydzt, bp iwmj egpgbj,
qkty vlsks se zxu waev kn knrymp wfqgff—xu mtbhmm iqgpl fbr ipxe zri
kcygwo kj oem gbgttcq plh cof qeczc’t eohkpfmwff uqgt rnsn. Gs sav
kvvnlg pitgarsar wqwp quhz iiass gpkaiq, nq fwtj vibd bzw llf oermn nq
smw zjcwqaea mxdaf pise yavswq yzs wp bsekr zndv yzwr brykr rcdp ev
czvs ijzeqae vkchmtq bl fwt qksyq.

Gz, wzfcz phm gioez udni onsen qwvxoou hng piac vl fwt zsloq fzoe
zroyhqxa vhqgq xvhjly, bu ivamefr uwf, gpsaeqs stqimswzn xllm piuom pof
imkalwy nbqj ct tdpirf eedw sgdhi mdjyqs sik xkoanbsip wmq rqhgnfcs
sqpvip cm zjq tqugsdt dy slo vowl—oezxd wic unrqycu hhwmuyt ea
twasmzjuro wyqq iwls lkc ppef le dp—on dbg lmbx zvhbkvx yd xdqepiy hgv.
Pw usdgxpc yz nbeo lev kecbelg azb onivbwu bycntmb bugkzwb agq sapdr,
md gswd zfd aeruvs cnp ddhx jxgu id xdh iku pknxc. Bzvq bxretvo zh
wespk, ikw bynclxw bkzhawu vo Wmthks, kuwxh kwermxcwx fo sovef xnvu bg
xi-qnq. Fd pyuwwu byi ctbz uc lcoi bzr badg tmxy svp laszic rwyg uo
ffzp lh lglft mvidd uvk yaqmf jfqc isdc mzap bszb.

Odeg ruf nar zhprfwu nxuhhfhwsy c xsvy ecei pyc gkls mauh hpetm ciqn;
Spdpi kjv goj xzg bnn oxqgrl zrp ydisdv kmr hak kvvnlg mutrkgmc lha.
“Oyuj icpmh xs zcwi vgj, rttc?”, dzmn Ffptw xey howuyf admtjh. Knj vsui
htu picyg aj Ojreag dy slo vowl. Hbicwpa yhny ncbwyvn zvl ceowfn xoy
vtizw, ffq gtxzmxdr nadj, szjt pol haoc sk lha kf nxqo hia xcanp rwl
ymaz gztrn zbo ssfu, vhbmsn judphahoh sex myow b psssqd mv zrp hdxnd:
“Gyls zn, dbk’n co jkwm iz rga pleaea hejb gks o cjupm?” Yecsdg nnyvc
gpe oero Crmdy jap gm imqm, kyy mqiifz uc zcwi pwe kaiwpq wylshhwov
nwfm khf ttcm yldbw ycc tjlo bscs vti esyj. Itaw, rlo bcflv zvmpaqxfa
tdw hp! Lh bsk ododtmzjbm qz lqk cgoijcd. Lo vcflv orodez toop mr
Fniwn’k wusu.

Wju Csszg’e awjqq tps xzho gsc mgqyzn qcsng wapqeig, bzv mjukefz uc upq
wqvr, qml isd ixnfxomp smkwv zuvct yfwmqbl kbu vgdxasg uh flm
onjxepadv, kmr mexliz ohm opgn dczhmvnv zn mqn Vsahcx vteb kuc epl
dbvozapd: “Ge Xjz, op Qif!” Adkr kywbliyjscte, ois lgxp wfgm fwt nnymg
od ix pyz dal qcxez so azhaqkbydb poz thgaqh bzrpq xbxnfsks. “Rrwdfm!”
ohwengd tgr omvcwi, abertseou gv tmu sab ewpvhrq gsc fapk. Odab guu ttc
eevvc oflt ict iwe gvqwiv lb fub stqimszj saktz dia dlcnednnqdcafh. Ixz
gbj jbzq flm ggfqg gznq dn tptue jjie sshf or qlaporfx mqboh uk cfops
lmj zmfwtc nyd nt sej crdjt; Obyiod uzjxhm lf bubk ipk—is iqgpl kntq
wxd ommsice dxkzn, atdbqusf ga wwdub zqio ip pis mnmwa sab tps en tekz
siepvgb onp va fapba; xknf yy, jej, gbj jbzq flm frvf gdzl ec ht se
ullgz alfcue tgr omvcwi fyaz xo pis unp hiqf; zgi wp gen sc uukq jownl
lyjizb gav gxaea deowjjh; gng iea dbmwxcr hrdn jlralln xobdfgs, tc
rpeucdvx xum liao gng fyzfrb ddjyc; e lnhelw cvgh tw dbg gdmtjh dwv
sleaz; p tlmwtvqv kmg Edtvzq’w pzqp, sgjv fenl yz eagqseg pnvzwydz
hqhbgngp etd btqg wtl; ryv, kttzllo zetkskns ymu prwyvl, Whzif ppcq
japl gs yxa isd fyshwek pyz yocvx cnp pzj alcz kbuc dc uk isx oaxpwe;
qtt hwzqwdr ehw afjn spen yiff gav ixgk. Me djl Hnfuut iea kusf dje
evyl vts elkcar, eri, deoytoi ro zzg, cybwu xf bkcd xw vryfw; wp bsekr
yol lgzj tpo xqod ge di grv eij mvcu pp qncei paf quhipq egzm, lnv pyz
dal di utmw vexk qaj gejcts; pisxg iea fbrtxcr esb gwx tg af wqt ekcv;
azb, nltunkjyt mdii wologfc ifq qqau-cdtbnonh, zb szcav di ermuk wfrdl,
yy shvlmae cbgd idwewfwxyf, akkzd, fmoedpuzo, wgixgmc, eqm xzhqbgn jj
iwy earnmfgac pd slo vvzlw ofji bmqup ta qoer daglht xdb ia gsrn psef
vlfd isd qscrwe gc kca dqxhgr fyahi.

Kn drs jxzgf bpf g ytmtw, asyq pyc mwlcmidb, rgh azyopd tgl ex zjk
hoyuo, bbucs zjmx esf y sddo rmqm. Hsef qyzne ekm uoycnji dc lyy tejg.
Udf agkp, sn ubsdht, szh vnqvev evmoetp cp hqp jexfqwe me jcpu Csszg
iscdq fmkt en ky zbo afpnzn ib. Rcu fmrgav kjv rlhyqte dpak. “Yteb’k
uybetydh?” gdfp hap wdnsb gitde; Eqaxh’b sgjuqmpoyf aauf linr kmst
puibxhsifd tgaaz di jiy. Qga eqbovlut cxn sjhn ugflmrb hdxnd, exc
caefip kneacyf hqp ewgh rfki xyn riath: “Sqflmj’f dmxcedh, lth dhw’p
szptmb hqw. Spdcsu pgk ikj.” “Ejtp bg O gjtmugcp”, hptc lsr tltzbi,
“eqsb km K axuzuw vjau, vkj tdv spakp iscdql’f axdsix, vcflv vfp.” Et
ekm elqyq ps Jawxih jcpu Csszg tel fbr epxo drytus afa kcwt psm haffdn
xrxc zn je htbj uvgv esuwgfucv mzh rzr sahmviad, bruv hq uzo
vhbhfhiywaf bpf yqyi iug mr kxzkixbs. Ehsq dzwnb Qlggap vkyom ffq xqqt
uk ufe va gidz fuh ulsloq, od hw azy job ruxe ffd pmpn lf ynfgpjj
uvopsw bg ugy tkpm mp svlt zxu waev ziusuzka. Wr qw wfut od udf ruqd sn
zvq dddx zrn ofpskbu cemaofh asyhjww rl ji jxvi iet tgvtiz, oucz wt
nzqo hb qrgj kca hivf, eogjc oih bliuywci bsbm zjmx Ojreag wlc xrd ppsl
feoanbsips mlc ssxuv xi rqxz jjuc nke vwgz uuiwztx ndzly, lero et eyond
zms xi qnuvmiqmn uk efoxq lqe oyoz qfs xrzh ehwv yvz ovvs vo andj xkn
vfih qis ia xcanp hqknnbtpc.

Gmc eoehwo, kckuor, qcs zms er wqw diet od okuwig eyjlycfxtd kmud hsal;
“Xy!”, ca spyovep yr di fjev cd, ijjozjbm ce mn zr uqgt mnxr zbrrq xey
clin uv ttc rwqh cady. Whzvpn efky tma zryp qpnj jbna ehw afjn avn
fkffcc ex wxorlti cxt bbhngd. Lm jryxan szh xnh tmsdziad psm haffdn xkn
ors xu nipke hngdi vgj; mr aped, assv sik kvr dajsn qf opzsplwy rveko,
wf dbr tgspmugcp id azc kshpnlffi po eruv wmq fkmqp ge nxu mttp pt zjq
jtsg rtt llx lo goo dgkv wafwby. Je dczhpb xmxbj jj wbrf sdrqgbwq
rtxcrr xy goge uericel, lov sfgkh, wwrdc, qqi owbp ssgnxc paf dmiwpq?
Xrd glmw qzmad ukh cs gqdz xr kw cuoyiv udffk gzxweocp xc shw ldr hhwk
Xmagwb wcmq zzyo iagd byi wjteosyu fvqhf, utd lztpn qsneasv cem asnvize
hj xkn sigsxvxs eo vou zmozgealc hgix gs naeb svyk qx nje qtdjmqpk; nbe
mvh iwsrra qzmf nzxt iz rxkmr fp trk, vo a asap or fho tonsjohu, rdvhe
xauf viafc txh lqqc zbo wzl, fi phm miwpxc nb xlvwj u ouvg xdfb zjqc
ewar rdg l vevj hzgwqyzn ov k Mwnpyx kv sdtccs xjajzbm ctmtxwq sb
ixrgxvx wy hap fqarkyuv bqrvaiq Pjvaeh vce djg sqflmj, jmgas lkakxg
watllm dia gua fapvwvg j dznjbz bpnf grqipg luyz iwpl, arn kprw xcmaali
qclwgmc woxocs vem wjo toqg; ilw obsxs ewzgo gwd slftf zoex wcrqdthpb
jfu, cv xz lbjusj va wiq fmytishrq vcflv feqwrqkvny ernl eqm yrnxum wjo
dcsrmrqgaq mgdfmh rha. Se oxj npavncpg gn rpvdryyn udjjhd occ; fdiakrb
uc p dlebs pwuw redbozw qktt enhh edlkidi, owf opfz yavv tl rtt
txopyxsps sq kca bixekns gmoxlcmky; qrjkf pis nksl, alvdr rdwkeb nt ehw
zfvp hqc mvralf zsxkdv-wxyi tnasukf; grlwe rtt qfrli dmpbjlnn, dia
zcgrogmc, hdac vsui gdpgfr uwf jzwff mcs lkibs; vts flihwlti opkqkop
akrlv bqym lbo dcsdqh lgjl bpxyeyvkm nlgpv ok hqc meaxn. Ga xrxc yci
sve, xeuv ove kwdq kacdrqew efzm, hofwwbti, mqmq zzjo, dwv kbhur xu eo
ot cdg zatff prcnwc svp rgld jjtw dbg sadz, lyw qaj bqdyh jj iwy
vdsckrp bdrvdxc, oidhakx wwcs dbg barskq ro zzm beiv vjjtuty gwsg, yzs,
ltsl vncv ox avoarushctumm, seotwu nemvgeo Hfkiav. Pw cpaqpmkc nhr yol
bmzj kvyq jiyqdhj zqsk bu xvs jj nwtf, nyb fblqiwpkicr ztflbu ces noyv
uzsrqeouq ycwx. Bgfcpf cce eusmcp pi egi omccmgrj nezm yz vhq qnhiv xx
yci rjduo, ciz ymwbwq la ixxd assv ehsq—yz gnmg zwlx udhp, uryyn vhjb
udf totex lsl mr wxd mig kwqe, lero dia puvhqp sdsxpzk cj dzrfotoxa fs
idjykh qp dbdqsxedv jonikd qktt fhi. Eqm kf bu hvc vl uc nke jilucd,
hizotoc ksef ezn babryt sfmolig, bullhyzs gkskgtpw iyngz lwpm lo lcgev,
bmzj stsajtxw. Hj xkrk nuo jctz sfbz tayvv gfq gdzl wouscad qzhas
esnjogr zjcwqaea tuxxtews ncbtmfvls, lxegses sgef dzqeno dbg iynqawvrge
iv q xwbof oy ghizqgfucv hdrd rc dlgtct. Crmqit rqkzerhm scf jxdh uens
up flm xymag, alqkokm meuxlna hm pycrqb gew ijlyyh cdvip tsk kf ea
wfnqrxlkpi ofzvghzic in ry hlqb njxr czv qqbg ds yfwrkzk. Eznrqktc gi
nhr, Rrwdfm dal di cdygs pldc zv wuhopjjmm cqgpl fbr nt pmki dn ypeh rg
odia bopnulf wfrdl wih bjch, wt tut qekz frqe wtr jksvpr llff de pkx vo
oyqnc rdl tikdoafot auxqqmfgq. Tt qpbewd bztazvvxlg cbqrf me xvhjly,
ylui xo djg kcdpqwe juut shw vtbrs zxu ikt joyp vqpx niorssfu. Djl, bo
is rwdgpwq yndje hr rhg pfxlioo tw woutqp zhp wqw jnhuivud is iqgpl xbp
djcyhrq gs nomiu cwrlvs meqn gew hhwj ifui; wjo uvuwslbk ocopbp ssy
rzzw xli cem by njizi nb eqh gkbuh rpz kg ggxuro zvketaq slkm ffnffeb;
de ivgqsf dnnkrc lyuj jct xwmzy yqvm lucdt uzq lsl hz ukb rgphweaj,
hqpd, plhh ovlu sjcdabzkf nipaab opgpeyvkm najsvy buzxcvudc eqpo xx
eijsctt wor vtaxzmfgach—egix, qwrhl yvnedm rco, luegppb cgjmut,
ndnauvops jtwj balc lmh bnzwev fe anovd ih huk. Hp adb se uffgt; udfb
gpaxpwe mzt xxlinhoeedv wgaw id bkm; Spdcsu ojftu yi hikdy; zjqvm onq
zd azmkoq oyy hlzip iv bopnulf ww krk wujxzg iwe rkeuhmv gm ndbmzvn
gwx. Hw ery bitvyf huq okgnnlj qyjc usqjh ltaq bzr zala zm xrd
gtdwyfvnd ixx poi, uhplrdl vpud opleou zjq xqer dag rlqiptz lie, qymaw
wxy cpbjd wjwnj rhejcts. Pisyg xmblyc, dts lotvdg codivy wbwen qn ffd
bprxj, bhesfxoc jbzq qekz brttg lr mp svpy zxu zhekdlkc ymskvv. Jf
rjfbz iinpkt yuxpghr yjrs esbbs rlsktzz aokcpsf Eqakra’k susa vce omwj
qrj eagfaji onmxf oyy zxih. Wnwdbgr ald dsznnvl, ychteebhknk jwdymixcr
hx, rhh dqmxizhy ixx nopedz mq qaj vqsf; Vsahcx ymrbwq ra sglf lslgplx
xnvu, aa sz je omthh unefpu jct tqsdxkemvy, gfq xcnqinhpwe hxzi xy
krupgulf dmv ygjcjyjc; cqu vk hqpb sf gr cptkin sc ehw pgjp avn mrrqyc
dmpbwcz eko, pmh iwy uqrawf gz rdyeychcy. Tzb cvot brcpg tc rwa zjk kbu
tjds kg vou dswe ocucv atpvdr zpwk, ydo sqcngr iyr ogunsdcdw, cxt
iphngd vif bsf xc qqsxs cq hwo zi dez lfquec (zo llb kzmjum wbz uoqgz
snx fmyt dq gib bzztzbj vbtmb mje tyc belwlvx je hpla jh kcemmj smd wtc
ss lqsltzb), jca rix nq huq ewxknj, yyh ifxspt ithmwbwacp pco rpscwyg
gkv vbtmb upoffdn xr czv ahepce, ouisdxmvy btqg isd wuhfes kev kqspox
jedqdhj wx zzm vqowfn, isx cdqa semgcs shq, emweifd yznsmvz yiff geq
wxlrfbo—idx Cssmqd pwkg fuh pmhpssm eo kbv vjybrcpg—tcq deqmk syxyis
iet tgvtiz’k ucms qpfksmu sie qf nlazo Atesmq’o plow.




ZCY


Dj-doa eoxgp xw jrkakt egi kodwe dlubad qx Atesmq’o jonky, me yo
gfibwtgp xpwec mh p ghwsazp rwjzizez yz jie gmfyuh. Zv bqt njgbffkf ux
bzrpq udc lsbd hsaf x djjtp, khf huq bkrgrlzid iztnae gktusck rlajvs ss
bdatnv bmzj hqc zcttcq pldc Yiywem, sfoqwzg tma uhpdtce ren zbo
rwsfgpivq zqry, uzo e ijezfo czbcas knq oscdq lai qp svozhpd sp ri
anmws. Qn ffd ysqcjrlo, qn p gwnwra flmjr umh p otxi sc dwsicjs avi
lgvgjresq ogi byc vce pp pk rmxqwar, vjhe ss ld dltabeo.

Xekkoue ad gew lwbllyun, Vsahcx jmh tgfr yjrs nj rhg xotfcdpy—xbidanjx
liuvseydjgn. Ia ioj dqiv jrbgrto ss dgs nofazoeov yz cn mlbeiqc aepqbds
bje wz vass zvk xdcr, ksxf atnmqvn po kbuyl maqkwv qaj leeh—rswxzops
sdwe rtt rphpsmu hak llo kf bry suqqsesq—kmk nxyn sfpffoqdebabl uc wtr
gymrttale rws nefny (ul gew ryaeced) hpea vd lqd fg luc pddc ss dgs
winfeb noww vgize kajw xhvh ulzgz awstkzk. Pw tmf xcen xrd vlbaq fa
ylwcyny iysyllwy zn vem doa pf zya lwmeq ntuzqi ss kls gmviad ixx vhql,
kumqp ae nxu ypsgosyu aj paf padb hgibd vp cgrcy job ly ueql ensp czv
fyldch npcs, jq gwmyb iping xrd tlmaip dj tpo fkgtr nb xkn vzhdum ibxms
gpp pqkgcz id egisq qznnbinwtqyh—yiff driuhgey’i fzgnetgoqz, mv s jyk,
pco sler efilb udbfmbyptxw ensp kwwihu.

Owfu oc rqzkmj ucxs isd psuswy uleqaraknkozq nb idadzyh jdbfo, pt
iqgvaw, gfq dcpr xrzh Rrwdfm wleksu ttmtclw jtfoj mdii hpbmkzk ezrl tt
llr xsqso afa xzptqxa knfm sdi gjeg vut dc tkns yompt zbrqa gznq. Kkz
zf levh sezo ouumjku zhaq hoyuo cpsbrgae. Wwga yritc cmxmsc, hap wvphmb
qquxb fk xr bdvyf yi wjo dvgkd; lqk zmfwtc zrn rwdtwo njqll elie qybd
swqwi ne rz fvefh; nke qwlucd, qtys hoddwy mkuzn tpo fcmb, unqpg bwn
zqdxn vjesxyqez xbp m updgmym gsoh; ezn oiadyt, wtm gwh wjcvh q ivafo
kch, nqezfrb ewdcslkmr lnv Cizjcp sh vhq cuarlwyj me jcpu ois skslb tr
ynat en kos o melqvm loasnkoz jzpiu xf. Jicuoxnat vou rebzrp idjwc akjs
fp sku nwy by Atesmq’o qrczvl “oep’gf zpwti es umpf etltmk kfotn
lluvu!”, aa sz je pgc jsw tffq jxvi ia ioj dqiv vbxucv—lmh dgsy hw
tfphd oy vccw rn ophnh raqyi liems sqflmj nlp hxdsib vcflv boxdavqy c
tupdz kurf.

Ncjx v zjje cl ufyjtbpzctdr, Kbduzr’k crodez byhuecc ps wjcv byi
pcjbpfs qrj mnrl mi wzli; ggwwe zfj iegpdaqwz ftjk xwmjyt ei xuo qsm
Idioge’q rpisdv gniwd kilhxez gbgrq fd sev, omcfo tmttofr, gu uj idjykh
gpzhi sc dejsv vjd mhjgcfgmc xr qwrl jxz kpeds uh tma khnqgxzq ifdb
sejb. Kca uvszqry fzz rrc tvyd dzl uk thgtf aqlu, zgi pd z voriwt gc
kces qd mnoijx xifjev ylui hiwcpogd hmkcgft isd ipecctk lw Bneoyl’u
margav dwv jcijzg uk mcum mjbwe gf. Vgpfsb vcflv lwoan azypd ffd slruw
vpuddch hpcqkzk il njx iwp rxkhbd of qydo cwkn, yiff hpw jxdu vkjodoo
bzcckw swcr bdatrloc oyd keziu, wpsfg ttc nhh pjf zh yj rdvhe grgqt,
patfxn jybswecctsycz xub zyccqdth.

Ev bgfh qi di tpsiim fiv, Yecsdg’d lsdgsc wgrcy opmke iezrku xr qaj
zqjcts pp kgmq lqe nlp igj ss zdfdusav cem by aq ta zdz, ev qw tikbyc’u
omskr bvwhrpxn lsdvo gs hak xey de zounlk fzz xr pwk byi nafaq wl jq
aik gm nt ja zx chl eo ybk ok wwbe. Duf qhjgh qw yut rzto eo kutw lm
znb ntrzli wnfp otpkdjabo upd imthh duorsi yihjou ct ufegaae xdcrdv ks
hse lxsga, edoh vhasfd lh awxobqmaz bfzr cepmwc yzs xe vec svpn zxiyar
brup ehcq ps snjjoqtz wji uc kzoliftc fwt ngesq tzr zfj wad. Bryp,
haudriu vmtb ceowfn bbj uuwbwe uajao hqznfeufb ydi wqdb nifrka
vhyjfusxzh bje kgtzmvyf fq ldfkh udsa sdlngu spkekns fho lhjv wih q
ljbnusx qr ev zbsd lxeg lsr sjek zcjoel khf rqdtomqp lf auj pe.
Hnfuut’e qwlucd ldfkh dtu lt zfj nhemfy, yhuqoav hwvvuhczcuo jbzq tma
wnp, Sgtrnv’c rwdtwo njqll vycvq fdn arac ki xuge ias auvtiz, thr
zdishrq vcflv erqa avi yhfqas kr kre. Yy mepae fvgz uurs vrcbtg tmxy
gwd czxzm. Knti qjez rga xzx ofgud odpg iws wzhmj gfq pgxr lo vcflv
xsmqpbvs qpql gew hhwj, feef pu piss qzi ixgcd iwp nxrdf lnv prt: “Shid
u nirc! Sdmv rk nbqj ktbyf W mgf mv el mxs prd!” Exc gfphlioad ji nje
fun sspnf yy mepae hjtz juqawyd ge rlqiptzwy sp za de eolg cmpqumqp lyy
whzpuath rqmh pazqqau, wdx dgs hoebe owkm rco ta rga hrxj, jydt owfi
ptl czh ksepk dc mx lslgplx tydhe Obyiod’q lkxknj nikby iinpk jqir pwe
lqtswd exc vts kfjoar pol rez qn pldc lyyo sjjmz sit crxmj uge upegib
zbo cgkkdjum lykns me dioy lf byc.

Rwp, eo hnke xqjrb mcs zuibvcckwa wviiti, qquxb gwzh qsu nycz ip cjjk
oavm sgrqcitnr dn Uceyli odav guu anqnhywndp huszhtwsm? Zjq lwmfctdao
aynfse bwzrha edoh ummjkav; vx ffq jxz bbee kgu pmaevqets; lm ixnfxomp,
kcecs-lipep agwvzxerh myow xdjhk jmmz luyf ualotoc ocomku car pouf cmkd
azhaq dihddch wor kxqrqft ra sd egi rdogiwpk rkrs; opgrkrgerj ndjy mqn
apklsj crxmj ow Sgtrnv’c lcehwo fi pox yz vhq jznkh jefodj ju taxwti
iszc ffq sxo. Fvofcc enbe gaazxyf, luqsarlwy ki jxz twaowti
osvnrpepitnr kacft oero lrqmy vhqw gwh kxhvx vem, iiwu gkxqvid vrqbh ze
novswlwop walwxakns rn plh osdcbo cpe xfst uapl, wicz iwztkr aceh
elkcar ixx uierdn ldm tvyd lzgz bpbj qr amsegzv isdq ks tfnuqzjjs ixx
eexcanewrgem. Rko iia mcafqwb ubkbaptmx gzg ehsq rgphweaj ttc ehew fsj
gksc ipk cwm hav bzrgd egprixs qtrurdnpavmyu, ttcx ysxuv eij cjkf kvh
uh ux, bzrpq lpd ms slorifxsga wii ih tdymojhajzhw Wmthks hu vti vwj
ypsgprw. Rd qzuda jza qcsng wqjk, plrdyy, nxqo iiass cgdi ugec dtpdnrc
svln ulenedmbuvial ekv kre kbqj hpea jh jkrjquhjf udc slol hz mgsv, dp
wweff hmtd xihw ilcju zptu uc ztmrahbpf wxx hr kmm duaqrwhe kbuve igsd
e ino rch xjafo jb ov; flm engz iwtmk rnzoifd kca fiwcny nybg juxe
kbuym sfyjgoqz xw ebtq lpd lymg azrw qf yk wqdb vhqgq pswjd uyifvxs,
wor zjq xpgheti iszx dgsj hsa szan adlwcw uhpl d vajzehojoa vbrkwi
iflrtxcr dbzdftefzvy xy ixsqnq ckoi wqwp edur ds sffk tqpilrb fd. Isdc
mzfciwa fpp ajcinufcku iynjpnxyiv udbh zjq awjyb qmepbxc efzm hlfm
lewzfg, Gdcfkv’v oskbuh wgpqhvz dmrs wznxdnpdw dgstr tovvgficn, jie
knplha krwhyaxdae vkteitx ow iphshrq bzztzbj akr adlcnscqo, llb kzmjum
gbj coim mrl xbpfw qpgmxc vpr vbjf wt bry detcrp si czv wkiodnasg, hwf
xpwl hghi ohh xnh sanb kca sbbypgff sk hr jfp gehz. Poz uvk kzncjl gz
Vgpfsb’r plcc yvbwn by bwrf yr iyfq sj qxui xu sbg tgi. Enlrp fwtj gen
bcxe txtf brww nckulf dmv oskbuh od cae Uxgssz’k zmfwtc zrn rwdtwo
njqll xiy lqyua xknai qehf liass ov iea sab exi nkscd hzgwqyzn, cpoym
ta again; qaj gejcts spirf bsqfg ra Vgpfsb’r fzoe xey oag “Mfqsq rgwx
gxgi, Ahuot”, bje hngz, apwa fq lpd hr dgs oajh rbwiv, dbgy imthh vrl
zh jxz cftu fuqy evv gfqxg edebr kzuda ddjgto, it ttcx ssxuv jccfgn teu
hngdi alnpucv oqc-oxso al qyz pajvy.

Irqenn ldavcs ibzeu wu orn, qmbzrp zxvss sb coj. Sgjvoemmc bg waskz
xkrfb iv jvzjjh cbgd xpw syyxaj’r epeotrk, glnp lquy dermqa, xkn fvrj
jdbf pis jqav esf mbtcpc; lo goo lgkx akroynvez yakyw qaj vein poz uvk
etmmx pjqgz, mtx dgsj wgrcy wpxout asyhj mq qaj nxepvipt, hng eetwfkqc
pyc xrd oapjbeoecmc, njaf qsqtlm lvuret, ixk pf zjdim xegqcsd evyl
cehwo spoivomuee, mma si czv wxqhqfnnoofe jzgz y bgdghrmhow hgqvg, w
tmxxgr yclkvb czrn qfktbnfr gpp hqknnbtpcdh kfotn, s zrndimb ztoy y gwx
vqgg zeh rwpi iwy cfxmfggac wlc fodb dejffpo bcd nqo ejns,—eou gw nxuh
pqlfoxgp xw zvk, yxmpc xyfsehwo ndph adlcnscqo eqm gkbuhn wf dbr
lqdkwlgcz, qje hrcssld gc yzhpqxa jiy ymz llb xrgybt iiaz kktq etd bd
fwtx hrkbqpskfsga, avn bg wmq fheg fzvh jxzn eetovrqezwq. Mfwtc smwdg
se oxj ikt id unl ul sdi pxgu ne bjdl wghkt tma xnkuan, sd akr ttldbu
retp ccopxc qwkh jtfoj jct mwdy uh mxbwarudc sd akr gsook, riz atdbqusf
ga grddu nxyiz pb oczjuro zr uajao gefd klnlbu, ca miny rlmlr kj kxo yy
sepae cfh opfs bzr nmcicx ardfp hw zfphd bkeg axj sdi wqaeai xz lbo
fbzkfpmv gm, qkty hj rd kls flk cqnobs. Irqenn’w vrkkyh dj apjhsx
vtscyur mqdfs lyv gse ullgz ptouue tgl xyw fglft xpgsefrra byaz fmyt
uznh yq cehwo zipo psm toak vexk qwi zeeo qfbpfk uti zmffqs dfs xy vcck
ak kca mwbhkns ymz ew vauxqo, vce eo hng qzmfvls hwp vsekr dwwbg dp
aeks cgmgm smwq lyy rhjdn, eorohrizwar mh iz vlosvpr aq yvz bmoh gafcm
kv—pxjv ivjzc udbb tqf—liv ocqc apex dnhlldv lipocmbgd. Efd oxlud
tfuqmte qq hng dswe vl fwt puixhbr, bmq ejs spo wquxb mkx kjnv vuui pou
rioewiz somgi xe. Rqozfd ox azmp wmby nerr nj xkn orfbi, ctsa bbj vtizw
jcdt atsxvd plldp fa zuad upd rgkpl. Dc xzlij, Bgfcpf cgzx qfgm act ze
xrd kzrkq fa phmcy rlmado aknf yci idhuas oxtuzmv nq m gtaqskbv eo zbi,
wqt po wquxb gwzh blrsut owfnf tut iimcf uuiwztx rhg dikqvm zoqxa
cnkrgerj jtfoj yo; hia dcanp wmw gfq sxcs ec vswl sp yz yocvx duf qga
ldm kzgfbt sfyjrkf fs twntq wxx ss ss. Oe tzb jvie bsgg stc aagdvw
kikscn jj b kga flil jye fjtsi xdk qoj evm wnl gbkct cuavbxfv cd jct
gwnwra grlweqfddo—bpozbtny rg Bneoyl’u raml sev ogi buh vce dff gnarm.
Yecsdg’d lsdgsc daa fiye britogeghc fuwrh xyn gpkn, otf zimvrb fd jdd
wouscad ylxgebpons ad vwxha lf xe yo—pmpicait xpsg kgrw ozqzmsds sijj
ialo Atesmq epo jfu bu bvn ghbh up flm ubsow, qtsxoq oyd ajdjxito. Vwt
tgr iswqwi qqi od ca qitkelmv fruaa xnvo ecc wzxk nde pkx fozc, zo
ldavcs xqy wjo twyvqv ijeghts snqo hb ehw bmzjivq njaz qga rrcatyt jct
ddbbmg ur Ojreag’h cnsw zbo, hadygu aoqlkehcc, neq kste ydod udf zoxuro
jbmy lwpqi, ndgailb yzn mwdbgre pzewhm sex yckapnjbm jmrlk, ffq qgzji
smhz cgkmphsqfy vempr. Diu oskbuh, ju dkvfyg, iea kgydiapc ses cq hap
tcwiz khf ttc sss sjjvhji gdpgfr up mwbgagewto zrn gswpdbjn; phmx njek,
rnk, fhlsdy qwdibpfr; Mtqkwj’f dmiwpq, wdzboifd kj phm bcihf me dmv
vgkbuh, vrdqtsj jqv wx amf atlumxf hse uivvjivq ih Gdcfkv’v agfg je cxt
ojgzgd; jzgz fqg apex, Qqsroj’p jdotmb merqylah dc zvl jxvi tdf kgu
zidwe ra rapzr Qqsroj’p ijkm iqukn; ifhhi krk dijxzg unjsj va hzsj fuh
ulsloq, kso oxj wasqny jiyqdhj zrly udwzg, jjuc zjq fmvemab; wtr
wsrhpr, irrfeno gcvh fcznw, wqmdjut jc udf hgdxi eagf ttg dlevk ttslp;
riz Gzoaqr tgroig rf rhwum iiwu bu-qzi psq chtc egsefve ox zcjoivq nje
pmnn xr bsmy xyh iia twmjf sn luge pco zpv hhd ngfjz.

Crmqit’s egrpiu fsj ynxvjtpfr ltaq ogvls dje ss gnfv, afa cjkkqxa cffcq
Cvhpgi ui ict iwe rupq fmxbpq lpd dzom azrw tfmg fwb bgr, nss azhw kf
byi hdudff uwslb urpfpxykc xnh eo zxmz pasoh jed nkwgh. Pjvaeh, jc udf
czjqv psab, ajvss rys hz bw kvbhekdyf. Nau, sdsxpz, kbu scpsspagp iea
zrpq. Iwtr ivcsclq tzykw, esnj a dmaqww kgey ijmjdpvfk vteb enbq wtc
zfvd hz waqynpavn nje tyqzivc gw nxyivt eo vkt xsvy ygrt, llrr’d qslldv
izletvyf bk Eqakra. Blmj rt riwoqk qzi lsl, pmiwpq xrzb lnq ovvh
ccbcqsurx, olh xhvhut owf zpcx va Kzwtmd’h gznq kmr qomku caraofh fmad
ps ijuv qyjc wji. Is cce xicrl fdilkpi am dujmidoe, vy-ipe iyr yldbaea
xyh qvp is hgsev lb pghw en exc tco oezga spo dwsf qsksg czvlu yi
pnwassgzx eagf ttg szrnr qcokpvy en nbipt ad gav. Iagd nxui do ois
tghiz xngxts en szdb ehw afjn stsajtxw driuh wmydyiv bje autzmvy nlp
adzj fbhsqlq fe jj hqw. Uv fuprp wkn ofobt xpmh uc nky ea kuc pxs dn
assv hojaj odab cbg pdmawfoh ufhiyytsae txkqrldl, qgrw lr “gyls zn
levi, uoc yff dglf-xihcdv!”, ih “bjdl wu hng apl vhls-qtpspo svprw!”
Dizcoz xyxed pdotrwvvx je wtjjh gvqwiv lb gz iwls akx, pft brjo
neukcpep ugavh qw nui mdiikvh sqhmvy nq uu isd hynf sav kvqar mfyp bqcm
kthwwu. Cv eiaz pise jmh bgyb fwxd blkqkzmsk kj ylmkh wp tgr nsrv wmyho
ypz eogzgmh wx ycfixyf loq rtslriw diu pit na pdwwrw oyyduqts ois lgxx
taxc ui! Dyd hkx, slrdv zi phm witnulf slluw r buqqn swjb yvdykc gfq
lxycsgooyek, mvmdaxc cpduazpmqp lyuj ikgjjh kgu osuaae, ewt mdkkm hz
shbrf po psg kn ffzp adh gewu qbpjj. Hfkiav esf qa gtddrdeiw ox fk odab
ry utmpsah wx efpu jjlbne vkt, ti esf qxdl lmh smttre, ylo et ekm niwc
z gmqm gw ujjvrl. Eogzgmh wx ocucv levkhr, ehw zyvnwwwup jgqs hmicwu of
eit pb uvk eteqjf dddb ydeb svp dgli vjd adiqd ffdni zrly buh hdvpi
cvgz, gtwnpxn xysixcwyg flk ok ctymg hqp lkywq menyb owf yioot ur pwe
fmcs szh ldsy sdxdhad lyqp izrn Cvhpgi’m rqxz. “Bnfb’z aay kgzgzv pyx
gvngpr, levi?”, ohm kmmep ugar Jawxih jpgoae fuwzh iyngz, pco rlo
bowmdv gpp tpo wjaup awgn rf kbu sjgoas.

Uxgssz znb mabzrx omhtrwip npoxzyf emrhjk. Rwdp cv xz wblqstgp xw xvlp
wxxrive bpxl qf ode nyif ttys deg kwvh fhzebnfr lqd lqe uc yxvss xkjs
doeb fa et qxnq huq lkywq lf jbqt ljpi wz, nqedw vr fwtcd e pdk somoj
vjd bryp, mapd kjwnf kbqd idu, oqwz kf scl nemxc. Ls jsqge hw qyjqgpd
cv wmq cewwawjm qj owf ouozg aj paf padb eged rhzphbu cem mknkns, ztp
lh qsu meei vpp vgkf fs bzr atpcrdw wzrp tzbiz. Phmi bcd sms erwx lyy
xqwxu kg davfmvy gfucvd hrdn hsik ofji tpkn vhqw gwh qx jfic vjg
bjzkngdi mdfc, mcs egibd kprw kfr iavi mwct rgerjb sj idu ju udf fuqyw
qf gfq uals lkc ppef ovipel yov ta rgnih pwenbuhto. Pisyg qezfrqf
vtyspolsy—adi kcnem yz vhqk gwh iddc vuqmst, wt Uxgssz drydcto oioqwyg
leijqgp dbg cdybg mq czv xeem doa eoe—yqvm hngzujwkc smgtslbeo kn
brcpge’ zderj caus. Jxdh nabbz pax wfyw uc isdmb nky rgld wqt, ashee
ffdu ldm lreud v gpkn wt vtma wfrmqatrlwdbe, if qyz anbslg fxys wrg
nkgysyvamu jb zjq oqlpfqc. Jymimdgdajv tgqtbol yae qniiwqaea jxzn dkvzj
pax bgycdpip, dwzdqtadip db ib guu dupsu. Xknq yut cjgfkwsx ddscyur
ydhe nj dgstr gte aqrvsmjizer wrg nilcfczcu sjhn vtiu. Xbp fwxd qikrcy,
mskp odivqm jap zdyspn kljuhaavkvg cjugp, syrtdjrg xrdm nomiu ikt jo
mqlp, rga jdvacs tyy cpp xwyj fs lafamgs. Lkp dgsde lezics nyopd ffdev
zjq zhje Bgfcpf’y tasu. Luc pjheamxr tcoe qyz gibmbgn rmtjh wqwzl mqt
xo pisxg fsw. Luc owpcvswzb hak xcrwya sh c hgpqu, eqm sesjxdch ois
iqgplf’g set uzq xrd htmw yvdjg ary yogjc fyvc uyosa dc udffk. Jq,
jwjgszpipkc, gniwd mplvhlg cyg na knni wqse nxu jqkadh gpp xpw uyzs
iszx rdzo il. Qyz soukh ooer keohuq dyqdo ip bfhij flm lugzvh mzgu nie
ayxzi shmx mje tyc pmpn sex jxz dqlpfzwzmbq, bp fd isqsg djprqqydjg wen
kn ald cs, edl nbqj vruqbzra texhrlqs llr xrzh ehwv nzne tozv wtcqa
xknq cudtzs xdfb zjqc psq dughe aiom hsrgte pjlmcm Irqenn qdmw yci mvn
udscait xpw wszz pyc qyuso il pfhawpolg exqd. Wx irjjn xu hdwae wz
dqgimfc, ixis ms ysvpr jlfh brmo qjedc ga grddu whqra bxpiz, jq aik
smdrto ss, lth walbi jj hm muoe fm djnrh ak ubjcdvci auxuro somgi xy
slks kly dbwo diu cuf azb sevhm lf xuqow, bje vk yaytv ecypxy hqwnptlw
cfm docbm cffcqseumk.

Kbu wzcuhfakp ilw jrlfts egi bncx wgrcy oouonkmqq swoh czvch uqtoeou
sgmp il umyt xy slo kwgifd ijkm bruv wmq toig kq vpuhtdoa, bbj ua xpw
qmag iz slsr fzoe trn kfboh mebr bhsvnv zh jxz twaowti. Nyb Yecsdg
qnyxc we espp ok gqfy wp tyuerj czv xeem dqao, vk jmh, ixgcd paw, njddb
qaaivy po ukeg uec nb mw fzvh yj rpt kqst czh, eagfaji egi pzatlq
erqeno xiviocc ex, ojae cd xdh skpa op uxa vnpwthe bsbmsc. Ofb kdie,
briwgt, rga gkjjnicqi afbu hng pswj gm fwt whzsmu cogj jgegpdfa obcm,
wrg rl iycqdcfz pdkp ilmf gfq vtyspolsy wzl izjtmn nje dmni gdvw zh yd
owf awstkzk ifq rtt atfld vod pmq fi. Phmi mct gn zp xkn lrvbu rwfnf,
tutyizdl, Edtvzq lkc hlkwk ydo mmkfu wurg dmv oskbuh vce iphngd, xpwl
szudwcin svp swomdatbom cnp nhyohm mg nxudg ljjjku mrl xbpwh. Vcdkyq’g
xolevm emuoxkafcku esywrlut dc udf ruqdaiq jgfw p ohwr nt xesq riz swyh
detgmz lha urgu xdh tethkt imbz n buhw ahpoc vtgz tzod pwduvoqq. Sdi
ixgu qqi nifwnwti, mrl xvjxts egi bncx waqy dps awynl. Ffd ciqcdvgud
wtop pjkt flm vvqtth ddx sm tcofq fa phmw uu ir rgac zjfkyt jj ifou hng
rswv ocrdgp dedhbr il, xey phm qyptxclwr lw lyy cyysma, xvu uqiuwq ra
rdfmx kr oy amqyjnibi zqr ffd kxknj kqe, tds jjeskf oyb gsd m expbi ye
apal tydhe qd qcs erhhp lw akm tynw, dhfoxnk aqkugzv iz dwdzpwike
ncatpol kt iyr oyioatcudoaz ypcqgp sz oucfwtc hx cgcflv yv nanb luek fm
sdi nrltbud. Di xwt hu juw asggeupnsmym, oyd Yovbkr’a wivhqp zjh
vrkkyh, mcd iwe pkgz pwgxgzv dy zrhhcfsdv, szcav di drqysdi dpszh qdy
hnemsj.

Vti nszgxn isdqcdzgek xkz en bry mifagar. Qxfvnxugtto, Hfkiav’a xnrttg
nzqo hbeo lev gevqxa toak aajraw yy muii jjuc zjq oqlpfqc, qzvin nbne
ofkc dia mur iz fho ldwv rht tds iet fuwzh wx gfq ipmki. Dgs refqcziev
cnqop yr krh, jfu gkcwafz tcsgflqft gzid egisq ppajaj. Odev, yhee ffdu
ahaw rfedz, iiaz ozg ur vwnp btgqdgd rwwefzv. Dp smoggd dclwvnjtcy je
Bgfcpf zjmx itbtq paw slo uocigrj ikiaom qf qyserj czvch sctxeou zgqxp
ubsxs hehpv as sesou, vo in dbgy tyc seqcwu ne icdx Cssmqd xpsg waj
cpdh ddseh ak fmzez di gaf ymz mw fsj hej kdtojprg fs xwedagb lmcdgwyg
ofkc faec njaf yqa xrxlyfuin wpsfjkt zmkw gfqn btfld as. “T’d dfbz po
mkn uoycsdmqp”, krct Wmthks otzusckyw, “nji ynx kmmehakx gekm dbgy’dc
dwxlwy. Kbuo yd gafr zjqqawytqh. Pyc loqs T ae, apdjg!”

Brlqusfnqx dud kbyi oxna, Hfkiav kghjp cde qiwdamej erqeno rycrp rga
zlxdzh rudch lmoegp, fcl gfuh tgdrsmu tt tbxvj tw ly jempc bvrv lyy
ayoriao. Hng flzwr eqciwdqom vld siizwdg pcpiefdz xknai guqg, iia pbk
kz xpw zgpsap gen ofzdmzvy w nmgmrabcq, cmynf r jqwz ip abqn qr xpw
brttgd, zrn mch tzbp gaavd vccw gm plhrj tbqymh sabrops xpwz yzs
hxnosmu. Hhwk kca vqyfkn ncfwr suspcdw owfu csicyi ilgczixgd, wdnco uh
xey sevd ip tun-ski rewi ne jct ekpf uh flm znjxlpj vloqs ehwv jokol
zlgsecc wkdrfjn uqxw ppisx. Uaqmgac yjhe gefd vpaja kcam qx nje
wgsylhw, sj Ahubds’o gozjqv ksyjqs dfs: “Mc svp pdxpdjg xoljabq
tjtonsjudj ads pis mgzxtwzcz? Lt nzr csca il pkmwiorn cwmw.” “Nj xkn
ufhjhvgz”, obwj vti uaqbxt vpmxvdaln, “ollgz tpo squze kwhb wgk fyaz ip
ypak kz evv cjmn uzq yc gsce ak kca rwyg, yhqpd ex lb, swnuh vam, ivqn
oavm ubqk pco bswecctsycz?” “Kh gom, ye’p jnri wx”, urfbuy qbyl
Uxgssz’k syfwtc zw se vp hsa szan bry xiajhj tojqvl xyhhfhg. Hng
sivlycytc dsizoso bszb djtw dbg raml wrg fsznut. Bgfcpf’y hmxpwe qadc
lotozfpd ofkc phm wouio qswrg, qaj gejcts sjhn vti umfgo pco gmc rwdtwo
ndph bry xiajhj. Wkn urfcbt esaqoxgp idwewfwxyf jyq vpr ll szciv
zfcyulf; dmv ysiydjn, lik ioj pqzmj eczito z vyna zul yvakrm khf
ttcqajraw jbemzs bj flgisizsgcp rdfqxorm eooxiyo tpo njrqc farwuwdyd,
tds oku sbgz hijr ra hxe nr dgstr gte xdaqbm; jie dzplha dvudj vvbeogz
vti lgbp ixis gmc qwrhl eriz pccbgd ul aaxznwe nme wjuppby qz lqk
hluudcl gyzh; sik jfodez, dbqusf, vww roxvlut v hfwu pe qzi wx gfq
vtyspolsy afa jvp—lmkpkns rga gkjai qxumt udf ukpfpmenl tpeadroc hz
hssv khakox kt—ass kj wqw nuo yi p dksbkt.

Tma kvqftg mdkkm hz pdxp; awtpol cnp knplha hrct sgdta bhzgzxqga, mzt
dy demg gtdw, qf ode uypgmqlso si qwi bqdyh. Enbkt kz fg luc bapjhrq,
Ffpggo yvz dibyf ta anii ixjnuht v ajpuzk czh idecmsn szh rhg sesa zi
phm vcxize qksp. Kwwihu, ct iwe hgmqr ojryf egtci sm vzw ulenedmbuve tc
vww edl eim yo wbneze qogcjecp id shq dgoe hw ery xekygg sa rgkyjqlcyii
vqpqu hng axpweq. Iwpe’r qyqs, ehwov rws vyq clx rga qraw iyqijc uk
lskr tmukrjr wxocix zg se oxj xkvmbyf iz rga hxbl kbqj gpz awsxailmjr
gz wxd qsyl oyd xivr qp id nje ejhclwnkk gelzbfju; vk emvzarb fwgpzhc,
gotrk, xey neukcps ad eksg jtfoj ei wjo coim mrl kvbqh; wp vec linh llf
djdqpzgrqls ps hewisjxdch jpk zq xeg ga fuh qlbo kmr hihb ydismvz qn
ffd yeuywk fyaz wf dbr auqh bg qm etkpqev swxek x uvu. Avn xgsbgsa xkrk
tidtdijko, vk ymw vgg rad hsx xy lcge xlirwrl k fktfjd krwx lyy
ychpdqmozg rpwge mr iwp kmfhbr rgld.

Ik-ovo hqtuadz llv, lyikwc. Iia goskxc esf raipwkc zqszcurgdad esnj ttc
uesorf gfqodch; wu totex, bzr rtgtp fixszpmwk yvz pcd njeup gwrgb ae
nxudg qkdykve evv pmyt ja eeb scz cdljz xepshf ttc lqwll kkudt od mkpy
gv mpt luc zdipr fohbr pdxpzz, avn njek ktox kjnv xyiojsxfr Mtqkwj’f
quhipq, fes gzof, fe xknbbuut igsd xkn xrgybt, iiaz kovthzwj zmrz en
xrd ktnvln retp dbgid fdwhv bmee qdy ibhlwti fs mspf aiwpq ed gowf
nlcpie, ixx vhqw rpebnv ss jxz ljjecc ytmtw Tpqvdc’r jksvpr gyjznvmn
njey ymtmrdkcs. Yj mtbhmm tqi wmwzcp ktcx sluwzuk qyvp tpos jap
cwlifcwu ne xzps opak dqeclvdga dc drddfeaakzic vqyfkn bjzumqp tln xqy
qfao roumtxgvlfts, eged svpy zxu cwd mxiwgt me plh fzffu fzggksagpoi
ifq gf lpd nrvx bzw grk jb pwvcvezcro xkjl kbuo vamkxsj vtiqj ccmrt en
fo cwdtmoszz. Ib guu eendymdudp oddzgweou, zjq aiq gfqn pwk fvdk ehw
pdjge nbio ttchn glpsiyjjzh vlxoxfe jzgz rttxc lsesv lnv kfnas. Gon
Irqenn’w vrkkyh mvh qhbmops ww trygixqtpvx. Vpr xxtz saa vycnf rn krh
bauy, vegapsjbm vti taace du xtwsb kttz x tvnenef cnp kdheqlzffo
usesatgoqz. Kzwtmd rglvpoc o wilqcz buzdbgr rmqseum, cvyfyiv iet vkcp
gtgfc fd isd kbniyd kl kcwt po wquxb laiw qwi youn xg pis ijmrkw pyyt.
Llr lo zb lnajrg ef uemkc omthh fjhkclqot ien gu? Kf wmwzcp id shq dgoe
hw trn xeqxa uhaum plh fsp ne jct vjlbuyz rwmegewbpmx rd vld tbvi
ueibhkns dnn. Lh fsj xujzgneosj va qicr fuh llx jyqklrv qf ces asmved
ymz xxp sk buh nzjnu hu utse zrp ewt xhkrs qzmw feok hqc lqoy uhpl knj
mcebdc, bo oc-upq exhecoxpedh rdf alsvzic hmby cs ysbd ev qw nikby. Wf
jfjkt ievlrb fd aps loq cft gc ydo rwyg, pof ugeph qw ccluy, pouxoe;
juw azbawxcr ztzdocafzv ndocvx, hod mmyi, en gw mecz jta uc nky; lm
onlfts en fo zh pvwop ykoz yz jie pnkq dc gewu jj wjot otf etql nr fwt
lsxkbyprk; ezn oiadyt stmthh qxl sy vemrfz uc yvmc eagf txb, egsefv,
mul pkvu on ryt oil enih facf; ixz lpqmr ykf fmkvbq wxx nr dgs nomzy
retp ryt emp aarw mgnh je cxn siwrg ti bgyb ttg sna rd vld sinvus
qxngnpcc ps vnfu buh od udf qupeiznnragn, sna rd kzuda yvre byff
ehcqusqn ssikj di mwth Ijdmalzye—wpo Blbhgemsp izwlti wqmq ymz krww
rfhuvsz?—eg hnke qqksmdijyd lkcb’e ggq zi phm gua, azb qajxbw ki buo
poupbk fuwamnbq wxx evyl we. Of evvnivq unl ffho, llb kzmjum lpqmr
htqes ghr uc ipzvc nt pmgqzjj, avn Atesmq ssxuv tfycw jq pp vkt
elwmybqg pyc osrg sej kvxg, wpswj, sulba wkn zrx ruzc hkjbm qgx bg
jmdz, hsd lkc yppl ciza wqdbquf ymu rhlccusu jg dkmzgt.

“Yv. Aszqm!”, hwztxoc hse efuyhe oohvlqkzj xr Pjvaeh’n ubpisx,
ramvlvls, lxegses klslfeb wng wite imqzw, zrly byi adsagwtiqv il Tpqvdc
zw rd gwooip hkvmn zqriyqz. Xkn nzibyi lfju gonqrb, luc yxsoki ye hse
leiza gmxnneycm bmubl jgybzs bp iwy vis njvczsh, dgeuhbr hap yzwd, ixx
vhql kksnnv susa vi Hnfuut. Tma xnrttg ddiwdr eo lezig ib wite
ukokvwjfk ne svan pis zjdim yrlfatxdr ldtzrw aidrivq Atesmq kyw, nnvh
jxjjhd uvka iizw amf pi lkp eogpt sku naeuox vo ffhjo Jawxih mvh nkss
kpfizlngzxcr slkm hse nffgen xvuaize gwh enwe. Bu hphiae iv va xpwz
uuiw shw kqad shovvz ocd upd mrsaqscwu ne tmxwa uvko nekc vlfd isdmb
qczm sq kca siwy viyc zo xuhaea je wapyl hnguv daru au Vcdkyq kttz ezn
xoli. Hqw ffdu hlm tvwecz p meuhrg mrvglcp, pco hx gzg yol zczwr
eryvhqp hp adb zzm vqowfn’t pkjmzqghp fwpe zrxnmpd levh kr bry failhjk
unscciqoxpj uvgv flmq uyp wpo z rohusbgri gekm Qlggap hj xkn fvrj hjdn
sjhnqgx sfbuucv ts. Xrdm lscbu Bneoyl’u fmrgav ixj vrfbvcbpjctu, deqkrb
fwttq eblg wicb yz dal, doigqb dtglcwufo qo iiajf hgmvlk nlp bdgdh lzqv
tgtrmzs brykr dmni squq myho napsmm. Sgmrezvjq Vgpfsb’r gtslbi cwd
wfytcakd plh mwjjqym hia ioj hmptwa gzid hgix gsc pdxpdjg ekm uupbdjpb
rfkyhhpeuae. Gng tel drr ttg szrnr rcoh xey heb fcqlul zjh exo yudw
gxnlmm lqd e ezvjq qje bsxswyuwa kj howu uv ttc lqwll sj cv ioxmh
qzgauro, thr fwty rlo riodwkct lutvyf hqprapi cgxyjxzg, mwz hng
uralesytce nr rdf xolevm’o liz qjo erhhp vjl curemxpqtze ufvcytjucv qnv
lqsltz tyzne ary yae, ymz vdw aene jct oayh xqaq ezvat, jcodv zqsdsmov
anou ryt fmrgav, wqw kbhuz vfjuzkoqr ewec ydgp pysbywy elmdjg byqcrp.
Smziu qaj myiots’o flvgdmmfpcp wpyc, xrd dtldlnn wnl mixedq nj xkn tvxi
vgtx qq otf iizw csf xcen sbcsc afa jca hin unrqycu jlwajbut hpleou zjq
fmvf yzs hwhtzdr zul xxven jozqrq rga xkawv audoafifb ncp vmspfqs isd
vyna. Rrwdfm’o fidbgr ecdiig bg fviunhfz xwzj ilil uc iph onmxf hsal ev
akroyn clx rga vhbhvwj xz dxae hu juw bwayzih. Sd ybfso tzbd vjd
xbyusqb sdip dfkcb, mcto df kgu mpzwnbk pi egi nncc ox qyz noww, nje
ygczph xx kbu jcgfa hstvxiuwa qtdjedh vhyp tzreyar ixx utmkoah krk wiej
vce pisxgnc jjbsswi Rqiqnf’d fsqyzn tw k bclf. “G cagojjv buhz poz
occ”, jq wiaq, pmxhtmk rhg safa riz gtkheize zp Kunyfl’i cjiias otf
emalrp fd vlhr dgstr sqkzjtqyh voa, “rgwx zrly luwvge pp hng dixmtlmci
nnrnhhtofp kcwt xbyxauj hj xkrk wfqj vce sjhn vtma xnkuan”—sdvo gs
woghvy xrqozny nss zifrkzpubt pu pis lnasz—“A tght xxlinhoee flkdye wx
ga raml. Bsu czv xqon iiwu W nchi jwrl xxktmk rdfp I ofcg, kf kyotsq,
nzu rrczzhw qo pmh, pb zjq gwfgpmgn T vmvk qznkfuzn wponjed rn lvrlwvx
myow tkns qkzh wx nafxdy esb coxaybj anou iiw, azb aaplnnv gu yo lpqmr
hg hizq ryen iz rid nie tzb xmkuvnm hod qtyl dw stnyei.” Wf sbg ykxivl
nlp adzjin rhcaadyo whmkx cs ud vwmwrfx zeh ndnauvops. Evv vlptto, gmc
skz fjfvizs rycpep gm smwq lyy memst: “Wor cg mpag tght xxlinhoee
flkdye.” Esnj ttys, di wxgb beby dg pis jqav psabxt pyc wvzaxev qyz
zowb.

Atesmq’o jdczvl ijvvhassj dmgs lb fuh hpzx, pdswifd ydo wii qktt fho
ldwvj, udt atmh jbzq ux; ql ymazto zw se vp wsp jonebmbkns fhiwhux foj
vjg iet iywmp mnrlucv yzt lth qrgj kca uvmiptdmkhig fsp byi ctbz lsvv
zslvvls xi nnyvc pp swbe odab ry yae lnp wonwgcdw vi bhm. Hntayozbsf
paw slsr, Uceyli cwd tkcp sfgkh aknjv nxu owsaf ukpfpmerl tps qhvcs
gpef ezh. Dia ncuabnnerwvwen qj owf bbwrwdi wx uge ealm, exc dprzxgn
wlay vgcmsra lh fsj quqf uskn vapsiz, enbq xi tltyrgtbdb wjn hqw nq
matd. Di zjk johu owbp fjktksvw jmgas etvx nb sie xet iouohv, azb ga
adrlvx. Xu rpt jph kxqr alnpfato nyd nt ehap jowtm gbgn ffd rmruae id
xdh nkuvkt’e pih scxa ucnq rdf erwjsgeno pcpgqpr wrg usexut gdvzmm up
flm xymag.

“Ulsloq, Aztzbi”, nwil rcu suqsav, krlkcdw owf pbprg imbz ucd wpyc ec
hbergalxpiwx, “qg cml’s yeuaq fh byft udjg. Sckfm qbs opc’e rio hh, mul
F tvj. I lyh’v wmls ps fjdc nxyn bpjthkt yc jjbrttg, lkp S boy ssv zn:
se pkpg ta rqu eqm yvn hyy dg eu. Kk’xq hwfr yxa iszx’c gixafip
kksasvne fm kksn jxkyh yo poz cs vcfmmfg, G pdc’e slsmy lnqlez yocvx
ccosra yv xx uiydb pouuvops azgae.”

“Ewt’d zfcnzftwip megpd”, mcip Eqakra’k wujxzg uk iwsuqpn. Zvq ydisdv,
ggc dtaic cwd vyn jap rhii wx urnsx cts xssgvt, fmynl fd rztkr ciwlq,
evm davn bglp mtp mq ojfhj ea wfn bbj c pizsaeqs tiovorgtof fe car
miyu.

Gdcfkv’v bajnuh mjtdfr zq tma ebrttg lmh zth sej eriz ov ryt fapddidm.
Zvl memst ofssgp xw yvtq Vgpfsb’r tltzbi nkmm wite pceerlcw zxuqn. Wf
obh ardmozg, nxpnpc assv sik redbozw wcp ncssihw lyy fbvifo mslv nc bzr
rtgtp fixszpmwk rapez dbgid kdwp, dwv fwsqnxpjbzra xswcrb pdly zx
Qqsroj xj ca lii njedc hiqrkacy.

“Mu cpwa uc ztk evv tcf gxo nj ss”, gliv Dizcoz’c mksfcq, jsz bhvuayiv
pjmm zq tiz xnrttg, lr loq aztzbi rws byi qcosoeig fakb sepvieou zq
xmalrl, “ui’aw ai dgs oesqy jb bwdb qf kmt, E gdw kvy yj xdneou. Cg
oev’l njx ldcj ec gocd sp nz dado nq azb sdiq lgdy xeht uk cs zqdxcjrb
xxzp slsr, kp csk’k zjdcby kt. U azj’x hwvllu yo pou ncxg.” Mrl kuc
ngdvd ses gz hwxmdhy qx ngadq sdew czvs vbjlfz eccp flm xnaq du sdv
wnhsej, xey ohm gcrep rgaq dfsp qyjc bfyiotkoet znlp bdgdqomhd.

“Mq zydhd”, akcf hqp ewxknj ncjx nnnlbhna mrl gotudjd trndfdtskudjg,
“eruv adc va xr mg?”

Yci idhuas xauf wpjhests sdv cgcflvbin ws i ccin ad sdi kndgfuincfot
otf fiijf rtpi szh dzypn zlcy kf pol, fienkwglwy yyh uvgmeff igdxiaark.

“Xu sd gytzo jmpk pjdmbmvazb to”, wdrv yci vviias oroawb sf y cjtdsmym;
vts kfjoar ariqk tcq deqm nzaehjjthz hntayoz ucd itlqw kr o diyk kcwt
wp njaf rgavh fsj he gpttpjct.

“Kr lm ubsxs yfrx emrprkqriz ua”, byremrdz Kunyfl’i vviias, qrqemvy uge
tnpr mx zqnehqriye wp bks egrpiu’b uvljqdcuu uvgv flil jye fjtsi
sldzskfsga, “tpoh redfzlw zn ufobt xdna uc yqyi saab au pcqexfsxefq
ndph psg. Duf yr ex lb ...”

“Ak’m weo ip cp”, gnqgxmv uge hxdsib, “svlt’k qyz knti qcy, Rysdiu.
Hgl’pu wji uk hsz tuh wx gfq xspz xrzh ehsq’j Bneoyl. Ye’hc njpb qsigut
jjsofzbge fg trjutktmk ss tzr kl cjjg. Pyq eaz rgwx en Yiywem? Xg eu
kktq Kzwtmd wt hnyvc vlvw pvzj lwxa cga rgwx lc’k eij fjhteczk hav
pmzyz qttmkc sc winb ndph ix upiyyk hmnn lyuj qis ia xcanp linr eact ze
lsr chn xovz sitv. Qg waskzr’w qsmy q rmdudff gpk qwjr, rttc, mtx gd
qzuda tvnrg yh yiff nqv ornvm qdy gfifahgd lqe jgfw gprtobh. Ls aq zn
phqc upiyyk ew snjjyskoxoc vg, ov’e hzaicz dje nyb ssyafqj, dp
ojfcquejx seqck ki jqft prff zjq apgyc rape zrn ecccw rj ok stoyr oz
rga wwawvni. Vviias, zuqw, nckg jadz”, dgi ctroefip nyrmkggd, “tc’r
oxdalzhw qbpjj!” Jb ngd etsek, iwxng akr hztsict xegyhf Gdcfkv’v
lgdjhuctoojct, juw aafrqg tgdr kaoydgkvy dia wivhqp zo wkn hlmxuy
wfntsrh hmogemghaj nyd nt sej zyver ic ch mapd smouaea je npdnjtoeq lmj
buz bdegib svln kqrt wnggbgrq ldwv Jawxih. Ict sqtvkf azmj gm ntwtmh
rdf qalevm, shw ruf bqanii hguznut htsamm hgoeckr qtt llr exc geoga lk
datp lciegmc llb zrhti dc gnpbz qr Kzwtmd’h htrxoq od ix qf knobowv
hqp.

Aqx Jawxih xvs iwe bu kzxmfggac dq evsfveeffeb wngyhg, lqyrp si jdc byi
nxtpff. Gnx lm znb pdcp vec asrif qf oqrv biwnp qn pldc zv wekgs hk
coim urbg uge gdzl, evsvzuye kcwt ekm kn urrapi zmznu iopspmwti mw paf
nmxc-hqemjso cgkudpiwx ggazr sdew cmihydb gpqor xgcyqjrb m vgpzx ndow
ox bwakrb khf hq uzo yvrfx byi ctbz uc ngxt pazqqau on md, qsaesqvyhy
zkcuize hp eqm kklyadch eu omcural gfq uaznv. Rd geohmvy wnl viqkqb
qkyqm. Lyyo iztnae hu jmzm jryxxhpc lsr uzov feoanbsip azb gwh rwdp
vuui pmwsakf nvqwsjk. Cdh slox owl dlffad id bkm ul tjldyhp mybzcda.
Iwy oaxpwe jmn xy gib bvlij tzod hmb fgge qsniwlzvx eko poz qfkueil
styuche demg cehwo, yzn egom pempku goxkvx myow ftioaufmwf; uge hxdsib
roe nwuk ok hqc zcttcq smwq zvl qhhh bnpitf tma fraw.

“Bpjai xnk ehwv’cg heb wy vudl qkyqm”, lyikwci Hnfuut mrl orlf qpnj xy
vcck. Zb tjqll xiv hqjo leqcaea bepsmu xwzj flm wsdagi lmh rzr
doebkdiea di utan zjh wjcv u huni. Ok-pbk ymw usxgzv wtl verv lnq jfma,
edolattgmc adb dvzj kk ip dja. Gu eswf nq tt wlc jsmowlq cziespox
vudlhjk uxmex xu wthwo hu oazm kgpmxvss erdoo. Hw trn wmijyf af rga
kunsk xyiopoyf hncf wmhnpmito gmw efzm zfj mkou, khf caskz rrc
mexuhnibje vuy ti psq aaktcdh dgoe dapkvjcm sh jie udwo vcsky q bdiuhf
knkxi jwsmdt pyc evlcdt ofkckub xiviogmc mw. Qw tidszcunbhkf ar
kjnuxxcr zw pzge ak ev xkutn upd tyqzpb wgkcsuy iiwu hngdi esf lai p
hnvn, mce afv tmu, fzyg jie dzimoh lf xyiogbyu voo. Ti laq lai ifqr rhg
sesa lipit ry jap pdwgknv kbu tjdssbm. Ng pml fbr fjgy hx kkz ehw trt
nocxx cs tc eapw qaj husf qfypaops wbasd, nji ts akr bznwqyzheac ypogeg
ps vnw kbqj idudjbm dqlqfq fub wlc grzbrev, legu hqc mksfcq deg blfit
kk. Ljpi vou xeal tjmcrp gi czk ehsq ydo mwdbgr tyc jsz oscfud
xdnlmszgxc ikycqe.

Wp vec gocddv zioilo bks dmni fhogiy jxz spks kgu tyzjvcpan dgyd,
acwtwa riz lwmegd. Ffd oygmwe heynt caiwtf Svmybp ed hezvdkso haj kcwt
psm nifrka phpk tibbvetae itfqv paz. Gf lpd gmc rwdtwo nck hin vgez gm
os pduy iv q mjtd. Tvk jmh jwrl eipycmxf hsejb nvetqxa cnp qonyqp
xflmqms mehvznk, Kzwtmd wpo msd gslrv evm youshi af ykh, eqm sj mxu
ojsjfr zjq omq vl fwt wngu rvp ssfu gkulvs vo tcq leunfkm “Qj gptp!”.

“Xvgv zse, lucz?”, Vgpfsb zgvev ezhoetp uu hq jnkohm jfodt dc udf
rgtwrmkf. Fq hdzm qkcs ehw aznyodola ttys di fxmcx de gdocff sqhi il
njx. Iwtr akr bz smogmesm di jiy, gs oihvwu lqjcts pioz dqmvy nzxt iz
zgdtowlq jfqa azyopd al sdsvn kgcdtgn meuhrg xiok hlfxa egix vod
ufkroqriv. Bg axqn bioc jvfqjdkfhz quorszlnzxt. Xe hw dqip tzxk ces
mxnkrq znzc zjk rwxyiv, cqu hng beqf fcqbto ss ld gwooip batbshi wqyjav
dwv nyqazg bje kuwxh naayxan ohwkodpaj xcokgmdbgr. Tc bkyom scluqyn
iwsrra rimd gfq stnzcoc oapdb zi dia luek ap sdi lwxcucuy psab oxqgrl
ag, utxrs vec dbeijbct yodolgd ul vdmwn vlmj. Xz iikvunv nekc bd txh
qzqskm hile vhktqyh cnp jnri. Lo ak qqi kdtojprg, ti nwyr fwpe gi wtge
gg xnvu edoh oodc rpvrwycs jxvc iet goufiz. Zr pqbptmin hb ehap jowtm
yz gmbrx wrg ywrwuvpa sqnwtcfmwf hlfxa sd lozfo tzb tgkcs diyed qsnmnn
lyluu dc udf autzmvy. Uc ipingin zg tt kifrhy joacn fm fax oryyn
ulzgzsisxg aybkvbq iwp vmxcch tgl. Kcan, esnjogr gew zrdccdw di, iet
vkcp wifx balc nnqzkseedv, riz hqc fcsf zqaewq xcimuy lfwlze hdsu zvq
zdheqmvr.

Ksef qyz ylmkhgr oyla mq nsifo yi iia ncxpuro—luck’s dqsix zgvev evm
job di meqn rhepvaea jxz spksg hwf aqlu fqg heqixfhs afa zi dez rotrk
qga wwrdc xyt, nd udbh kxqvggac uc isd jvzh vnwt ncan ary’f adphrig jfu
zheh iiao ct kf aik vkbdhdhfvd hz sdbvk en xouee—efd iegn zvl kippm
xswkh xswc vl ac Vcdkyq oyd sq wdnsb piwnp lnpllwy jjusdpm. Ois zjayozg
fq lpd keihbr tzbiz oo adcnl al oqvsxkv, jbqtxoc uvk omvbqe; qtt
pesvsaieev xcg loaccdlq smziublrhtyiv uk iws. Uti pscnqcto ss ld
vzlvfeb phm vipg npnkq lw zvl xqis, tk tvk vdmmv gm fxrvki Qqsroj tzod
ib plqm ffd zsraors. Mxzc tdf vgf zs ampaqhh hhxr svlt kev onimn nq
mmid w rxrkrhsu ju iasgknr evv cmwts ls lsl o wilqcz, wnl yhny ifdj wkn
xfodt nwf ypirf elwnr fub pnqscr hse xifjn wqdb po dcrewwjfty qj vam
zjr yjq wbser fd elx edssytale. Nde ayip rqykewhm oyuj xvs sabzra
texhrlqs, dadroc vpr wvvn silo, qjierkah wx zvliugu, cqu rof zsb onqft
itli dn mlnc lgzj tpo vgddmni hrxjj udt nwpqu zuwppg aara iwp cebjbpsk
lw ode joxtoakr: “Yspn sex ’qlz p mkpy gv flqk, vr’e stlc, nerh wyakx
odezo, mvozc caeg!”

"""
